what is love?

 any object of warm affection or devotion; "the theater was her first love" or "he has a passion for cock fighting"; 

what is passion?

 the suffering of Jesus at the crucifixion 

what is crucifixion?

 the infliction of extremely painful punishment or suffering 

what is infliction?

 something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness; "washing dishes was a nuisance before we got a dish washer"; "a bit of a bother"; "he's not a friend, he's an infliction" 

what is nuisance?

 law a broad legal concept including anything that disturbs the reasonable use of your property or endangers life and health or is offensive 

what is reasonable?

 not excessive or extreme; "a fairish income"; "reasonable prices" 

what is fairish?

 used of hair or skin pale or lightcolored; "a fair complexion"; 

what is fair?

 a competitive exhibition of farm products; "she won a blue ribbon for her baking at the county fair" 

what is competitive?

 showing a fighting disposition without selfseeking; "highly competitive sales representative"; "militant in fighting for better wages for workers"; "his selfassertive and ubiquitous energy" 

what is fighting?

 engaged in or ready for military or naval operations; "on active duty"; "the platoon is combatready"; "review the fighting forces" 

what is platoon?

 a group of persons who are engaged in a common activity; "platoons of tourists poured out of the busses"; "the defensive platoon of the football team"

what is busses?

 the topology of a network whose components are connected by a busbar 

what is busbar?

 an electrical conductor that makes a common connection between several circuits; "the busbar in this computer can transmit data either way between any two components of the system" 

what is system?

 the living body considered as made up of interdependent components forming a unified whole; "exercise helped him get the alcohol out of his system" 

what is alcohol?

 a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent; "alcohol or drink ruined him" 

what is liquor?

 a liquid substance that is a solution or emulsion or suspension used or obtained in an industrial process; "waste liquors" 

what is solution?

 a method for solving a problem; "the easy solution is to look it up in the handbook" 

what is handbook?

 a concise reference book providing specific information about a subject or location 

what is subject?

 being under the power or sovereignty of another or others; "subject peoples"; "a dependent prince" 

what is dependent?

 of a clause; unable to stand alone syntactically as a complete sentence; "a subordinate or dependent clause functions as a noun or adjective or adverb within a sentence" 

what is noun?

 a word that can serve as the subject or object of a verb

what is verb?

 a word that serves as the predicate of a sentence 

what is predicate?

 logic what is predicated of the subject of a proposition; the second term in a proposition is predicated of the first term by means of the copula; "`Socrates is a man' predicates manhood of Socrates" 

what is copula?

 an equating verb such as `be' or `become' that links the subject with the complement of a sentence 

what is complement?

 one of a series of enzymes in the blood serum that are part of the immune response 

what is immune?

 relating to the condition of immunity; "the immune system" 

what is condition?

 a mode of being or form of existence of a person or thing; "the human condition" 

what is mode?

 a classification of propositions on the basis of whether they claim necessity or possibility or impossibility 

what is classification?

 the basic cognitive process of arranging into classes or categories 

what is basic?

 reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible without loss of generality; "a basic story line"; "a canonical syllable pattern" 

what is canonical?

 appearing in a Biblical canon; "a canonical book of the Christian New Testament" 

what is Biblical?

 of or pertaining to or contained in or in accordance with the Bible; "biblical names"; "biblical Hebrew" 

what is Bible?

 the sacred writings of the Christian religions; "he went to carry the Word to the heathen" 

what is Word?

 the divine word of God; the second person in the Trinity incarnate in Jesus 

what is Trinity?

 the union of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost in one Godhead 

what is Father?

 `Father' is a term of address for priests in some churches especially the Roman Catholic Church or the Orthodox Catholic Church; `Padre' is frequently used in the military 

what is Orthodox?

 of or relating to or characteristic of the Eastern Orthodox Church 

what is Eastern?

 lying toward or situated in the east; "the eastern end of the island" 

what is eastern?

 lying toward or situated in the east; "the eastern end of the island" 

what is east?

 the region of the United States lying north of the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River 

what is Ohio?

 a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakes region 

what is midwestern?

 of a region of the United States generally including Ohio; Indiana; Illinois; Iowa; Missouri; Kansas; Nebraska; and sometimes Michigan; Wisconsin; Minnesota; "a midwestern city"; "midwestern accent"

what is region?

 the extended spatial location of something; "the farming regions of France"; "religions in all parts of the world"; "regions of outer space" 

what is farming?

 working the land as an occupation or way of life; "farming is a strenuous life"; "there's no work on the land any more" 

what is strenuous?

 taxing to the utmost; testing powers of endurance; "his final, straining burst of speed"; "a strenuous task"; "your willingness after these six arduous days to remain here" F.D.Roosevelt 

what is utmost?

 of the greatest possible degree or extent or intensity; "extreme cold"; "extreme caution"; "extreme pleasure"; "utmost contempt"; "to the utmost degree"; "in the uttermost distress" 

what is uttermost?

 comparatives of `far' most remote in space or time or order; "had traveled to the farthest frontier"; "don't go beyond the farthermost or furthermost tree"; "explored the furthest reaches of space"; "the utmost tip of the peninsula" 

what is farthermost?

 comparatives of `far' most remote in space or time or order; "had traveled to the farthest frontier"; "don't go beyond the farthermost or furthermost tree"; "explored the furthest reaches of space"; "the utmost tip of the peninsula" 

what is peninsula?

 a large mass of land projecting into a body of water

what is large?

 large enough to be visible to the naked eye 

what is naked?

 of the eye or ear e.g. without the aid of an optical or acoustical device or instrument; "visible to the naked eye"; "clearly audible to the unaided ear" 

what is unaided?

 being without physical aid; "he could not rise unaided from a sitting position" 

what is sitting?

 work or act as a babysitter; "I cannot babysit tonight; I have too much homework to do" 

what is babysitter?

 a person engaged to care for children when the parents are not home 

what is person?

 a grammatical category of pronouns and verb forms; "stop talking about yourself in the third person"

what is grammatical?

 of or pertaining to grammar; "the grammatic structure of a sentence"; "grammatical rules"; "grammatical gender" 

what is grammatic?

 of or pertaining to grammar; "the grammatic structure of a sentence"; "grammatical rules"; "grammatical gender" 

what is sentence?

 criminal law a final judgment of guilty in a criminal case and the punishment that is imposed; "the conviction came as no surprise" 

what is conviction?

 criminal law a final judgment of guilty in a criminal case and the punishment that is imposed; "the conviction came as no surprise" 

what is criminal?

 guilty of crime or serious offense; "criminal in the sight of God and man" 

what is sight?

 a optical instrument for aiding the eye in aiming, as on a firearm or surveying instrument 

what is optical?

 of or relating to or resembling the eye; "ocular muscles"; "an ocular organ"; "ocular diseases"; "the optic or optical axis of the eye"; "an ocular spot is a pigmented organ or part believed to be sensitive to light" 

what is optic?

 the organ of sight 

what is organ?

 a government agency or instrument devoted to the performance of some specific function; "The Census Bureau is an organ of the Commerce Department" 

what is Commerce?

 transactions sales and purchases having the objective of supplying commodities goods and services 

what is objective?

 belonging to immediate experience of actual things or events; "concrete benefits"; "a concrete example"; "there is no objective evidence of anything of the kind" n 

what is concrete?

 formed by the coalescence of particles n 

what is coalescence?

 the union of diverse things into one body or form or group; the growing together of parts 

what is growing?

 electronics the production of semiconductor crystals by slow crystallization from the molten state

what is molten?

 become or cause to become soft or liquid; "The sun melted the ice"; "the ice thawed"; "the ice cream melted"; "The heat melted the wax"; "The giant iceberg dissolved over the years during the global warming phase"; "dethaw the meat" 

what is global?

 having the shape of a sphere or ball; "a spherical object"; "nearly orbicular in shape"; "little globular houses like mudwasp nests" Zane Grey 

what is spherical?

 of or relating to spheres or resembling a sphere; "spherical geometry" 

what is sphere?

 the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected 

what is imaginary?

 not based on fact; dubious; "the falsehood about some fanciful secret treaties" F.D.Roosevelt; "a small child's imaginary friends"; "her imagined fame"; "to create a notional world for oneself" 

what is falsehood?

 a false statement 

what is false?

 inappropriate to reality or facts; "delusive faith in a wonder drug"; "delusive expectations"; "false hopes" 

what is wonder?

 have a wish or desire to know something; "He wondered who had built this beautiful church" 

what is wish?

 feel or express a desire or hope concerning the future or fortune of 

what is desire?

 expect and wish; "I trust you will behave better from now on"; "I hope she understands that she cannot expect a raise" 

what is raise?

 cause to be heard or known; express or utter; "raise a shout"; "raise a protest"; "raise a sad cry" 

what is shout?

 use foul or abusive language towards; "The actress abused the policeman who gave her a parking ticket"; "The angry mother shouted at the teacher" 

what is parking?

 space in which vehicles can be parked; "there is plenty of parking behind the store" 

what is store?

 find a place for and put away for storage; "where should we stow the vegetables?"; "I couldn't store all the books in the attic so I sold some"

what is attic?

 architecture a low wall at the top of the entablature; hides the roof

what is entablature?

 architecture the structure consisting of the part of a classical temple above the columns between a capital and the roof

what is classical?

 of recognized authority or excellence; "the definitive work on Greece"; "classical methods of navigation" 

what is definitive?

 supplying or being a final or conclusive settlement; "a definitive verdict"; "a determinate answer to the problem" 

what is determinate?

 not continuing to grow indefinitely at the apex; "determinate growth" 

what is apex?

 the highest point of something; "at the peak of the pyramid" 

what is pyramid?

 a polyhedron having a polygonal base and triangular sides with a common vertex 

what is polyhedron?

 a solid figure bounded by plane polygons or faces [also

what is solid?

 having high moral qualities; "a noble spirit"; "a solid citizen"; "an upstanding man"; "a worthy successor" 

what is worthy?

 having high moral qualities; "a noble spirit"; "a solid citizen"; "an upstanding man"; "a worthy successor" 

what is noble?

 of or belonging to or constituting the hereditary aristocracy especially as derived from feudal times; "of noble birth" 

what is hereditary?

 tending to occur among members of a family usually by heredity; "an inherited disease"; "familial traits"; "genetically transmitted features" 

what is family?

 people descended from a common ancestor; "his family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower" 

what is Mayflower?

 the ship in which the Pilgrim Fathers sailed from England to Massachusetts in 

what is Pilgrim?

 one of the colonists from England who sailed to America on the Mayflower and founded the colony of Plymouth in New England in 

what is colony?

 a geographical area politically controlled by a distant country 

what is geographical?

 of or relating to the science of geography 

what is science?

 ability to produce solutions in some problem domain; "the skill of a welltrained boxer"; "the sweet science of pugilism" 

what is skill?

 ability to produce solutions in some problem domain; "the skill of a welltrained boxer"; "the sweet science of pugilism" 

what is sweet?

 pleasing to the senses; "the sweet song of the lark"; "the sweet face of a child" 

what is lark?

 play boisterously; "The children frolicked in the garden"; "the gamboling lambs in the meadows"; "The toddlers romped in the playroom" 

what is playroom?

 a recreation room for noisy activities parties or children's play etc 

what is recreation?

 an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates; "scuba diving is provided as a diversion for tourists"; "for recreation he wrote poetry and solved crossword puzzles"; "drug abuse is often regarded as a form of recreation" 

what is diversion?

 a turning aside of your course or attention or concern; "a diversion from the main highway"; "a digression into irrelevant details"; "a deflection from his goal" 

what is digression?

 a turning aside of your course or attention or concern; "a diversion from the main highway"; "a digression into irrelevant details"; "a deflection from his goal" 

what is deflection?

 the movement of the pointer or pen of a measuring instrument from its zero position 

what is pointer?

 an indicator as on a dial 

what is dial?

 the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours 

what is hours?

 a period of time assigned for work; "they work long hours" 

what is period?

 a stage in the history of a culture having a definable place in space and time; "a novel from the Victorian period" 

what is Victorian?

 a person who lived during the reign of Victoria

what is reign?

 royal authority; the dominion of a monarch 

what is dominion?

 one of the selfgoverning nations in the British Commonwealth

what is selfgoverning?

 of political bodies; "an autonomous judiciary"; "a sovereign state" 

what is sovereign?

 a nation's ruler or head of state usually by hereditary right 

what is nation?

 a federation of tribes especially native American tribes; "the Shawnee nation" 

what is Shawnee?

 a member of the Algonquian people formerly living along the Tennessee river 

what is Tennessee?

 a river formed by the confluence of two other rivers near Knoxville; it follows a Ushaped course to become a tributary of the Ohio River in western Kentucky 

what is confluence?

 a place where things merge or flow together especially rivers; "Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers" 

what is Allegheny?

 a river that rises in Pennsylvania and flows north into New York and then back south through Pennsylvania again to join the Monongahela River at Pittsburgh which is the beginning of the Ohio River 

what is Monongahela?

 a river that rises in northern West Virginia and flows north into Pennsylvania where it joins the Allegheny River at Pittsburgh to form the Ohio River 

what is river?

 a large natural stream of water larger than a creek; "the river was navigable for miles"

what is creek?

 any member of the Creek Confederacy especially the Muskogee formerly living in Georgia and Alabama but now chiefly in Oklahoma

what is Creek?

 any member of the Creek Confederacy especially the Muskogee formerly living in Georgia and Alabama but now chiefly in Oklahoma

what is Muskogee?

 a member of the Muskhogean people formerly living in Georgia and eastern Alabama and constituting the core of the Creek Confederacy 

what is Muskhogean?

 a family of North American Indian languages spoken in the southeastern United States 

what is southeastern?

 situated in or oriented toward the southeast 

what is southeast?

 the compass point midway between south and east; at degrees 

what is compass?

 "the range of a supersonic jet"; "the ambit of municipal legislation"; "within the compass of this article"; "within the scope of an investigation"; "outside the reach of the law"; "in the political orbit of a world power" 

what is ambit?

 "the range of a supersonic jet"; "the ambit of municipal legislation"; "within the compass of this article"; "within the scope of an investigation"; "outside the reach of the law"; "in the political orbit of a world power" 

what is supersonic?

 of speed greater than the speed of sound in a given medium especially air; "a supersonic bomber flies so fast that it must release its bombs while the target is still over the horizon" 

what is speed?

 the ratio of the focal length to the diameter of a camera lens system 

what is focal?

 having or localized centrally at a focus; "focal point"; "focal infection" 

what is focus?

 maximum clarity or distinctness of an idea; "the controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion" 

what is controversy?

 a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement; "they were involved in a violent argument" 

what is contentious?

 having or showing a ready disposition to fight; "bellicose young officers"; "a combative impulse"; "a contentious nature" 

what is combative?

 having or showing a ready disposition to fight; "bellicose young officers"; "a combative impulse"; "a contentious nature" 

what is ready?

 completely prepared or in condition for immediate action or use or progress; "get ready"; "she is ready to resign"; "the bridge is ready to collapse"; "I am ready to work"; "ready for action"; "ready for use"; "the soup will be ready in a minute"; "ready to learn to read" 

what is soup?

 any composition having a consistency suggestive of soup 

what is consistency?

 a harmonious uniformity or agreement among things or parts 

what is harmonious?

 suitable and fitting; "the tailored clothes were harmonious with her military bearing" 

what is tailored?

 severely simple in line or design; "a neat tailored suit"; "tailored curtains" 

what is neat?

 very good; "he did a bully job"; "a neat sports car"; "had a great time at the party"; "you look simply smashing" 

what is bully?

 a cruel and brutal fellow 

what is cruel?

 of persons or their actions able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering; "a barbarous crime"; "brutal beatings"; "cruel tortures"; "Stalin's roughshod treatment of the kulaks"; "a savage slap"; "vicious kicks" 

what is barbarous?

 of persons or their actions able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering; "a barbarous crime"; "brutal beatings"; "cruel tortures"; "Stalin's roughshod treatment of the kulaks"; "a savage slap"; "vicious kicks" 

what is savage?

 wild and menacing; "a ferocious dog" 

what is ferocious?

 marked by extreme and violent energy; "a ferocious beating"; "fierce fighting"; "a furious battle" 

what is furious?

 marked by extreme anger; "the enraged bull attached"; "furious about the accident"; "a furious scowl"; "infuriated onlookers charged the police who were beating the boy"; "could not control the maddened crowd" 

what is enraged?

 marked by extreme anger; "the enraged bull attached"; "furious about the accident"; "a furious scowl"; "infuriated onlookers charged the police who were beating the boy"; "could not control the maddened crowd" 

what is maddened?

 marked by extreme anger; "the enraged bull attached"; "furious about the accident"; "a furious scowl"; "infuriated onlookers charged the police who were beating the boy"; "could not control the maddened crowd" 

what is police?

 maintain the security of by carrying out a control 

what is security?

 measures taken as a precaution against theft or espionage or sabotage etc.; "military security has been stepped up since the recent uprising" 

what is precaution?

 a precautionary measure warding off impending danger or damage or injury etc.; "he put an ice pack on the injury as a precaution"; "an insurance policy is a good safeguard"; "we let our guard down" 

what is injury?

 a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat 

what is casualty?

 a decrease of military personnel or equipment

what is decrease?

 decrease in size, extent, or range; "The amount of homework decreased towards the end of the semester"; "The cabin pressure fell dramatically"; "her weight fall to under a hundred pounds"; "his voice fell to a whisper" 

what is semester?

 half a year; a period of months

what is year?

 the period of time that it takes for a planet as, e.g., Earth or Mars to make a complete revolution around the sun; "a Martian year takes of our days" 

what is Martian?

 of or relating to the planet Mars or its fictional inhabitants n 

what is planet?

 any of the celestial bodies other than comets or satellites that revolve around the sun in the solar system 

what is celestial?

 of heaven or the spirit; "celestial peace"; "ethereal melodies"; "the supernal happiness of a quiet death" 

what is supernal?

 being or coming from on high; "interpret the plague as a visitation from heaven, a supernal punishment for the sins of men" 

what is visitation?

 an official visit for inspection or supervision; "the commissioner made visitations to all the precinct stations"; "the recent visitation of the bishop to his diocese"

what is commissioner?

 a member of a commission

what is commission?

 a fee for services rendered based on a percentage of an amount received or collected or agreed to be paid as distinguished from a salary; "he works on commission" 

what is salary?

 something that remunerates; "wages were paid by check"; "he wasted his pay on drink"; "they saved a quarter of all their earnings" 

what is quarter?

 a quarter of a hundredweight pounds 

what is hundredweight?

 a British unit of weight equivalent to pounds 

what is British?

 the people of Great Britain 

what is people?

 the body of citizens of a state or country; "the Spanish people" 

what is Spanish?

 the Romance language spoken in most of Spain and the countries colonized by Spain 

what is Romance?

 a relationship between two lovers 

what is relationship?

 a relation between people; `relationship' is often used where `relation' would serve, as in `the relationship between inflation and unemployment', but the preferred usage of `relationship' is for human relations or states of relatedness; "the relationship between mothers and their children" 

what is preferred?

 select as an alternative; choose instead; prefer as an alternative; "I always choose the fish over the meat courses in this restaurant"; "She opted for the job on the East coast" 

what is East?

 the region of the United States lying north of the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River 

what is Mississippi?

 a state in the Deep South on the gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate States during the American Civil War 

what is Deep?

 having or denoting a low vocal or instrumental range; "a deep voice"; "a bass voice is lower than a baritone voice"; "a bass clarinet" 

what is bass?

 the lean flesh of a saltwater fish of the family Serranidae 

what is saltwater?

 water containing salts; "the water in the ocean is all saltwater" 

what is ocean?

 a large body of water constituting a principal part of the hydrosphere 

what is hydrosphere?

 the watery layer of the earth's surface; includes water vapor

what is earth?

 the abode of mortals as contrasted with heaven or hell; "it was hell on earth" 

what is abode?

 housing that someone is living in; "he built a modest dwelling near the pond"; "they raise money to provide homes for the homeless" 

what is homeless?

 physically or spiritually homeless or deprived of security; "made a living out of shepherding dispossed people from one country to another" James Stern 

what is living?

 still in existence; "the Wollemi pine found in Australia is a surviving specimen of a conifer thought to have been long extinct and therefore known as a living fossil"; "the only surviving frontier blockhouse in Pennsylvania" 

what is surviving?

 still in existence; "the Wollemi pine found in Australia is a surviving specimen of a conifer thought to have been long extinct and therefore known as a living fossil"; "the only surviving frontier blockhouse in Pennsylvania" 

what is only?

 without any others being included or involved; "was entirely to blame"; "a school devoted entirely to the needs of problem children"; "he works for Mr. Smith exclusively"; "did it solely for money"; "the burden of proof rests on the prosecution alone"; "a privilege granted only to him" 

what is needs?

 in such a manner as could not be otherwise; "it is necessarily so"; "we must needs by objective" 

what is manner?

 how something is done or how it happens; "her dignified manner"; "his rapid manner of talking"; "their nomadic mode of existence"; "in the characteristic New York style"; "a lonely way of life"; "in an abrasive fashion" 

what is lonely?

 marked by dejection from being alone; "felt sad and lonely"; "the loneliest night of the week"; "lonesome when her husband is away"; "spent a lonesome hour in the bar" 

what is loneliest?

 lacking companions or companionship; "he was alone when we met him"; "she is alone much of the time"; "the lone skier on the mountain"; "a lonely fisherman stood on a tuft of gravel"; "a lonely soul"; "a solitary traveler" 

what is tuft?

 a bunch of hair or feathers or growing grass 

what is bunch?

 a grouping of a number of similar things; "a bunch of trees"; "a cluster of admirers" 

what is grouping?

 the activity of putting things together in groups 

what is activity?

 the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically; "the level of activity declines with age" 

what is level?

 indicator that establishes the horizontal when a bubble is centered in a tube of liquid 

what is bubble?

 a speculative scheme that depends on unstable factors that the planner cannot control; "his proposal was nothing but a house of cards"; "a real estate bubble" 

what is planner?

 a notebook for recording appointments and things to be done, etc.

what is notebook?

 a book with blank pages for recording notes or memoranda 

what is book?

 physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together; "he used a large book as a doorstop" 

what is doorstop?

 a stop that keeps open doors from moving 

what is stop?

 music a knob on an organ that is pulled to change the sound quality from the organ pipes; "the organist pulled out all the stops" 

what is knob?

 an ornament in the shape of a ball on the hilt of a sword or dagger 

what is hilt?

 the handle of a sword or dagger

what is sword?

 a cutting or thrusting weapon with a long blade 

what is cutting?

 hit a ball with a spin so that it turns in the opposite direction; "cut a pingpong ball" 

what is pingpong?

 a game trade name PingPong resembling tennis but played on a table with paddles and a light hollow ball 

what is table?

 a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top that is usually supported by one or more vertical legs; "it was a sturdy table" 

what is sturdy?

 substantially made or constructed; "sturdy steel shelves"; "sturdy canvas"; "a tough allweather fabric"; "some plastics are as tough as metal" 

what is tough?

 very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution; "a rugged competitive examination"; "the rugged conditions of frontier life"; "the competition was tough"; "it's a tough life"; "it was a tough job" 

what is rugged?

 very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution; "a rugged competitive examination"; "the rugged conditions of frontier life"; "the competition was tough"; "it's a tough life"; "it was a tough job" 

what is competition?

 an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants 

what is winner?

 a gambler who wins a bet 

what is gambler?

 someone who risks loss or injury in the hope of gain or excitement 

what is hope?

 someone or something on which expectations are centered; "he was their best hope for a victory" 

what is victory?

 a successful ending of a struggle or contest; "the general always gets credit for his army's victory"; "the agreement was a triumph for common sense" 

what is agreement?

 the determination of grammatical inflection on the basis of word relations 

what is determination?

 a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration; "a decision unfavorable to the opposition"; "his conclusion took the evidence into account"; "satisfied with the panel's determination" 

what is panel?

 computer science a small temporary window in a graphical user interface that appears in order to request information from the user; after the information has been provided the user dismisses the box with `okay' or `cancel' 

what is graphical?

 relating to or presented by a graph; "a graphic presentation of the data" 

what is graph?

 represent by means of a graph; "chart the data" 

what is data?

 a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn; "statistical data" 

what is collection?

 a publication containing a variety of works 

what is publication?

 a copy of a printed work offered for distribution 

what is copy?

 a reproduction of a written record e.g. of a legal or school record 

what is reproduction?

 the sexual activity of conceiving and bearing offspring 

what is sexual?

 involved in a sexual relationship; "the intimate or sexual relations between husband and wife"; "she had been intimate with many men" 

what is intimate?

 thoroughly acquainted with through study or experience; "this girl, so intimate with nature"W.H.Hudson; "knowledgeaIble about the technique of painting" Herbert Read 

what is technique?

 skillfulness in the command of fundamentals deriving from practice and familiarity; "practice greatly improves proficiency" 

what is command?

 exercise authoritative control or power over; "control the budget"; "Command the military forces" 

what is budget?

 a summary of intended expenditures along with proposals for how to meet them; "the president submitted the annual budget to Congress" v 

what is annual?

 a reference book that is published regularly once every year 

what is reference?

 the most direct or specific meaning of a word or expression; the class of objects that an expression refers to; "the extension of `satellite of Mars' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos" 

what is extension?

 a mutually agreed delay in the date set for the completion of a job or payment of a debt; "they applied for an extension of the loan" 

what is mutually?

 in a mutual or shared manner; "the agreement was mutually satisfactory"; "the goals of the negotiators were not reciprocally exclusive" 

what is mutual?

 common to or shared by two or more parties; "a common friend"; "the mutual interests of management and labor" 

what is common?

 being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language; "common parlance"; "a vernacular term"; "vernacular speakers"; "the vulgar tongue of the masses"; "the technical and vulgar names for an animal species" 

what is vernacular?

 the everyday speech of the people as distinguished from literary language

what is everyday?

 found in the ordinary course of events; "a placid everyday scene"; "it was a routine day"; "there's nothing quite like a real...train conductor to add color to a quotidian commute" Anita Diamant 

what is quotidian?

 found in the ordinary course of events; "a placid everyday scene"; "it was a routine day"; "there's nothing quite like a real...train conductor to add color to a quotidian commute" Anita Diamant 

what is routine?

 a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program; "he did his act three times every evening"; "she had a catchy little routine"; "it was one of the best numbers he ever did" 

what is catchy?

 having concealed difficulty; "a catchy question"; "a tricky recipe to follow" 

what is tricky?

 not to be trusted; "how extraordinarily slippery a liar the camera is" James Agee; "they called Reagan the teflon president because mud never stuck to him" 

what is teflon?

 not to be trusted; "how extraordinarily slippery a liar the camera is" James Agee; "they called Reagan the teflon president because mud never stuck to him" 

what is camera?

 equipment for taking photographs usually consisting of a lightproof box with a lens at one end and lightsensitive film at the other 

what is lens?

 biconvex transparent body situated behind the iris in the eye; it focuses light waves on the retina 

what is retina?

 the lightsensitive membrane covering the back wall of the eyeball; it is continuous with the optic nerve [also

what is eyeball?

 the ballshaped capsule containing the vertebrate eye 

what is ballshaped?

 having the shape of a sphere or ball; "a spherical object"; "nearly orbicular in shape"; "little globular houses like mudwasp nests" Zane Grey 

what is shape?

 the supremem headquarters that advises NATO on military matters and oversees all aspects of the Allied Command Europe 

what is Allied?

 united in a confederacy or league 

what is confederacy?

 the southern states that seceded from the United States in 

what is southern?

 situated in or oriented toward the south; "a southern exposure"; "took a southerly course" 

what is southerly?

 situated in or oriented toward the south; "a southern exposure"; "took a southerly course" 

what is south?

 the cardinal compass point that is at degrees 

what is cardinal?

 Roman Catholic Church one of a group of more than prominent bishops in the Sacred College who advise the Pope and elect new Popes 

what is Sacred?

 made or declared or believed to be holy; devoted to a deity or some religious ceremony or use; "a consecrated chursh"; "the sacred mosque"; "sacred elephants"; "sacred bread and wine"; "sanctified wine" 

what is consecrated?

 solemnly dedicated to or set apart for a high purpose; "a life consecrated to science"; "the consecrated chapel"; "a chapel dedicated to the dead of World War II" 

what is chapel?

 a service conducted in a chapel; "he was late for chapel" 

what is service?

 the act of public worship following prescribed rules; "the Sunday service" 

what is Sunday?

 first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians 

what is week?

 hours or days of work in a calendar week; "they worked a hour week" 

what is hour?

 a special and memorable period; "it was their finest hour" 

what is special?

 having a specific function or scope; "a special or specific role in the mission" 

what is mission?

 the organized work of a religious missionary 

what is organized?

 being a member of or formed into a labor union; "organized labor"; "unionized workers"; "a unionized shop" 

what is unionized?

 being a member of or formed into a labor union; "organized labor"; "unionized workers"; "a unionized shop" 

what is labor?

 a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages; "there is a shortage of skilled labor in this field" 

what is shortage?

 the property of being an amount by which something is less than expected or required 

what is property?

 a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished; "selfconfidence is not an endearing property" 

what is construct?

 create by linking linguistic units; "construct a sentence"; "construct a paragraph" 

what is paragraph?

 write paragraphs; work as a paragrapher

what is paragrapher?

 a writer of paragraphs as for publication on the editorial page of a newspaper

what is writer?

 writes books or stories or articles or the like professionally for pay 

what is like?

 resembling or similar; having the same or some of the same characteristics; often used in combination; "suits of like design"; "a limited circle of like minds"; "members of the cat family have like dispositions"; "as like as two peas in a pod"; "doglike devotion"; "a dreamlike quality" 

what is dreamlike?

 resembling a dream; "night invested the lake with a dreamlike quality"; "as irrational and surreal as a dream" 

what is dream?

 have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy 

what is daydream?

 have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy 

what is fantasy?

 imagination unrestricted by reality; "a schoolgirl fantasy" 

what is schoolgirl?

 a girl attending school

what is girl?

 a youthful female person; "the baby was a girl"; "the girls were just learning to ride a tricycle" 

what is tricycle?

 a vehicle with three wheels that is moved by foot pedals 

what is vehicle?

 a conveyance that transports people or objects 

what is conveyance?

 the transmission of information 

what is transmission?

 the fraction of radiant energy that passes through a substance 

what is fraction?

 a component of a mixture that has been separated by a fractional process 

what is fractional?

 constituting or comprising a part or fraction of a possible whole or entirety; "a fractional share of the vote"; "a partial dose" 

what is partial?

 the derivative of a function of two or more variables with respect to a single variable while the other variables are considered to be constant 

what is derivative?

 resulting from or employing derivation; "a derivative process"; "a highly derivative prose style" n 

what is highly?

 to a high degree or extent; favorably or with much respect; "highly successful"; "He spoke highly of her"; "does not think highly of his writing"; "extremely interesting" 

what is high?

 a lofty level or position or degree; "summer temperatures reached an alltime high" 

what is lofty?

 of imposing height; especially standing out above others; "an eminent peak"; "lofty mountains"; "the soaring spires of the cathedral"; "towering iceburgs" 

what is soaring?

 the activity of flying a glider 

what is glider?

 aircraft supported only by the dynamic action of air against its surfaces 

what is dynamic?

 an efficient incentive; "they hoped it would act as a spiritual dynamic on all churches" 

what is spiritual?

 like or being a phantom; "a ghostly face at the window"; "a phantasmal presence in the room"; "spectral emanations"; "spiritual tappings at a seance" 

what is phantasmal?

 like or being a phantom; "a ghostly face at the window"; "a phantasmal presence in the room"; "spectral emanations"; "spiritual tappings at a seance" 

what is phantom?

 something apparently sensed but having no physical reality; "seemed to hear faint phantom bells"; "the amputee's illusion of a phantom limb" n 

what is amputee?

 someone who has had a limb removed by amputation

what is limb?

 any of the main branches arising from the trunk or a bough of a tree 

what is bough?

 any of the larger branches of a tree

what is tree?

 chase a bear up a tree with dogs and kill it

what is bear?

 an investor with a pessimistic market outlook; an investor who expects prices to fall and so sells now in order to buy later at a lower price 

what is pessimistic?

 expecting the worst in this worst of all possible worlds 

what is worst?

 not working properly; "a bad telephone connection"; "a defective appliance" 

what is defective?

 having a defect; "I returned the appliance because it was defective" 

what is defect?

 a failing or deficiency; "that interpretation is an unfortunate defect of our lack of information" 

what is failing?

 failure to reach a minimum required performance; "his failing the course led to his disqualification" 

what is minimum?

 the least possible; "needed to enforce minimal standards"; "her grades were minimal"; "minimum wage"; "a minimal charge for the service" 

what is minimal?

 the least possible; "needed to enforce minimal standards"; "her grades were minimal"; "minimum wage"; "a minimal charge for the service" 

what is least?

 the superlative of `little' that can be used with mass nouns and is usually preceded by `the'; a quantifier meaning smallest in amount or extent or degree; "didn't care the least bit"; "he has the least talent of anyone" 

what is superlative?

 the highest level or degree attainable; "his landscapes were deemed the acme of beauty"; "the artist's gifts are at their acme"; "at the height of her career"; "the peak of perfection"; "summer was at its peak"; "...catapulted Einstein to the pinnacle of fame"; "the summit of his ambition"; "so many highest superlatives achieved by man"; "at the top of his profession" 

what is acme?

 the highest level or degree attainable; "his landscapes were deemed the acme of beauty"; "the artist's gifts are at their acme"; "at the height of her career"; "the peak of perfection"; "summer was at its peak"; "...catapulted Einstein to the pinnacle of fame"; "the summit of his ambition"; "so many highest superlatives achieved by man"; "at the top of his profession" 

what is pinnacle?

 surmount with a pinnacle; "pinnacle a pediment" 

what is pediment?

 a triangular gable between a horizontal entablature and a sloping roof

what is sloping?

 having a slanting form or direction; "an area of gently sloping hills"; "a room with a sloping ceiling"

what is room?

 an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling; "the rooms were very small but they had a nice view" 

what is rooms?

 apartment consisting of a series of connected rooms used as a living unit as in a hotel 

what is hotel?

 a building where travelers can pay for lodging and meals and other services

what is building?

 the act of constructing or building something; "during the construction we had to take a detour"; "his hobby was the building of boats" 

what is detour?

 a roundabout road especially one that is used temporarily while a main route is blocked 

what is roundabout?

 deviating from a straight course; "a scenic but devious route"; "a long and circuitous journey by train and boat"; "a roundabout route avoided rushhour traffic" 

what is scenic?

 of or relating to the stage or stage scenery; "scenic design"

what is stage?

 the theater as a profession usually `the stage'; "an early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage" 

what is contemporary?

 occurring in the same period of time; "a rise in interest rates is often contemporaneous with an increase in inflation"; "the composer Salieri was contemporary with Mozart" 

what is composer?

 someone who composes music as a profession

what is profession?

 the body of people in a learned occupation; "the news spread rapidly through the medical community" 

what is learned?

 highly educated; having extensive information or understanding; "an enlightened public"; "knowing instructors"; "a knowledgeable critic"; "a knowledgeable audience" 

what is knowledgeable?

 alert and fully informed; "politically aware"; "a knowing collector of rare books"; "the most...technically aware of the novelists under thirty" W.S.Graham; "surprisingly knowledgeable about what was going on" 

what is knowing?

 by conscious design or purpose; "intentional damage"; "a knowing attempt to defraud"; "a willful waste of time" 

what is willful?

 done by design; "the insult was intentional"; "willful disobedience" 

what is insult?

 a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of an affront; "turning his back on me was a deliberate insult" 

what is deliberately?

 in a deliberate unhurried manner; "she was working deliberately" 

what is deliberate?

 produced or marked by conscious design or premeditation; "a studied smile"; "a note of biting irony and studied insult" V.L.Parrington 

what is studied?

 attentive consideration and meditation; "after much cogitation he rejected the offer" 

what is offer?

 agree freely; "She volunteered to drive the old lady home"; "I offered to help with the dishes but the hostess would not hear of it" 

what is hostess?

 a woman host 

what is woman?

 women as a class; "it's an insult to American womanhood"; "woman is the glory of creation" 

what is glory?

 brilliant radiant beauty; "the glory of the sunrise" 

what is sunrise?

 atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily appearance of the sun 

what is daily?

 a newspaper that is published every day adv 

what is newspaper?

 a newspaper as a physical object; "when it began to rain he covered his head with a newspaper" 

what is physical?

 according with material things or natural laws other than those peculiar to living matter; "a reflex response to physical stimuli" 

what is reflex?

 without volition or conscious control; "the automatic shrinking of the pupils of the eye in strong light"; "a reflex knee jerk"; "sneezing is reflexive" 

what is automatic?

 like the unthinking functioning of a machine; "an automatic `thank you'"; "machinelike efficiency" 

what is unthinking?

 without care or thought for others; "the thoughtless saying of a great princess on being informed that the people had no bread; `Let them eat cake'" 

what is thoughtless?

 showing lack of careful thought; "the debate turned into thoughtless bickering" 

what is debate?

 a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal; "the argument over foreign aid goes on and on" 

what is argument?

 a variable in a logical or mathematical expression whose value determines the dependent variable; if fx=y, x is the independent variable

what is independent?

 a neutral or uncommitted person especially in politics 

what is neutral?

 having only a limited ability to react chemically; not active; "inert matter"; "an indifferent chemical in a reaction" 

what is limited?

 having a specific function or scope; "a special or specific role in the mission" 

what is specific?

 a medicine that has a mitigating effect on a specific disease; "quinine is a specific for malaria"

what is medicine?

 punishment for one's actions; "you have to face the music"; "take your medicine" 

what is music?

 any agreeable pleasing and harmonious sounds; "he fell asleep to the music of the wind chimes" 

what is wind?

 air moving sometimes with considerable force from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure; "trees bent under the fierce winds"; "when there is no wind, row"; "the radioactivity was being swept upwards by the air current and out into the atmosphere" 

what is radioactivity?

 the spontaneous emission of a stream of particles or electromagnetic rays in nuclear decay 

what is stream?

 move in large numbers; "people were pouring out of the theater"; "beggars pullulated in the plaza" 

what is plaza?

 mercantile establishment consisting of a carefully landscaped complex of shops representing leading merchandisers; usually includes restaurants and a convenient parking area; a modern version of the traditional marketplace; "a good plaza should have a movie house"; "they spent their weekends at the local malls" 

what is convenient?

 easy to reach; "found a handy spot for the can opener" 

what is handy?

 skillful with the hands; "handy with an axe" n 

what is hands?

 with `in' guardianship over; in divorce cases it is the right to house and care for and discipline a child; "my fate is in your hands"; "too much power in the president's hands"; "your guests are now in my custody"; "the mother was awarded custody of the children" 

what is mother?

 a condition that is the inspiration for an activity or situation; "necessity is the mother of invention" v 

what is inspiration?

 theology a special influence of a divinity on the minds of human beings; "they believe that the books of Scripture were written under divine guidance" 

what is divinity?

 the rational and systematic study of religion and its influences and of the nature of religious truth 

what is rational?

 having its source in or being guided by the intellect distinguished from experience or emotion; "a rational analysis"

what is intellect?

 knowledge and intellectual ability; "he reads to improve his mind"; "he has a keen intellect" 

what is keen?

 as physically painful as if caused by a sharp instrument; "a cutting wind"; "keen winds"; "knifelike cold"; "piercing knifelike pains"; "piercing cold"; "piercing criticism"; "a stabbing pain"; "lancinating pain" 

what is stabbing?

 a sudden sharp feeling; "pangs of regret"; "she felt a stab of excitement"; "twinges of conscience" 

what is stab?

 a thrusting blow with a knife or other sharp pointed instrument; "one strong stab to the heart killed him" 

what is thrusting?

 a sharp hand gesture resembling a blow; "he warned me with a jab with his finger"; "he made a thrusting motion with his fist" 

what is blow?

 an impact as from a collision; "the bump threw him off the bicycle" 

what is bump?

 come upon, as if by accident; meet with; "We find this idea in Plato"; "I happened upon the most wonderful bakery not very far from here"; "She chanced upon an interesting book in the bookstore the other day" 

what is bookstore?

 a shop where books are sold 

what is shop?

 a course of instruction in a trade as carpentry or electricity; "I built a birdhouse in shop" 

what is birdhouse?

 a shelter for birds

what is shelter?

 a way of organizing business to reduce the taxes it must pay on current earnings 

what is taxes?

 charge against a citizen's person or property or activity for the support of government 

what is citizen?

 a native or naturalized member of a state or other political community 

what is native?

 being or composed of people inhabiting a region from the beginning; "native Americans"; "the aboriginal peoples of Australia" 

what is aboriginal?

 a darkskinned member of a race of people living in Australia when Europeans arrived 

what is darkskinned?

 having skin rich in melanin pigments; "National Association for the Advancement of Colored People"; "the dark races"; "darkskinned peoples" 

what is Advancement?

 encouragement of the progress or growth or acceptance of something 

what is progress?

 form or accumulate steadily; "Resistance to the manager's plan built up quickly"; "Pressure is building up at the IndianPakistani border" 

what is manager?

 sports someone in charge of training an athlete or a team 

what is team?

 a cooperative unit 

what is cooperative?

 a jointly owned commercial enterprise usually organized by farmers or consumers that produces and distributes goods and services and is run for the benefit of its owners 

what is jointly?

 in conjunction with; combined; "Our salaries put together couldn't pay for the damage"; "we couldn`t pay for the damages with all out salaries put together" 

what is damage?

 a legal injury is any damage resulting from a violation of a legal right 

what is violation?

 a crime less serious than a felony 

what is felony?

 a serious crime such as murder or arson

what is serious?

 causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm; "a dangerous operation"; "a grave situation"; "a grave illness"; "grievous bodily harm"; "a serious wound"; "a serious turn of events"; "a severe case of pneumonia"; "a lifethreatening disease" 

what is lifethreatening?

 causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm; "a dangerous operation"; "a grave situation"; "a grave illness"; "grievous bodily harm"; "a serious wound"; "a serious turn of events"; "a severe case of pneumonia"; "a lifethreatening disease" 

what is dangerous?

 causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm; "a dangerous operation"; "a grave situation"; "a grave illness"; "grievous bodily harm"; "a serious wound"; "a serious turn of events"; "a severe case of pneumonia"; "a lifethreatening disease" 

what is grave?

 a place for the burial of a corpse especially beneath the ground and marked by a tombstone; "he put flowers on his mother's grave" 

what is tombstone?

 a stone that is used to mark a grave 

what is stone?

 the hard inner usually woody layer of the pericarp of some fruits as peaches or plums or cherries or olives that contains the seed; "you should remove the stones from prunes before cooking" 

what is pericarp?

 the ripened and variously modified walls of a plant ovary 

what is ripened?

 of wines, fruit, cheeses; having reached a desired or final condition; `aged' pronounced as one syllable; "mature wellaged cheeses" 

what is desired?

 wanted intensely; "the child could no longer resist taking one of the craved cookies"; "it produced the desired effect" 

what is craved?

 wanted intensely; "the child could no longer resist taking one of the craved cookies"; "it produced the desired effect" 

what is child?

 an immature childish person; "he remained a child in practical matters as long as he lived"; "stop being a baby!" 

what is baby?

 the youngest member of a group not necessarily young; "the baby of the family"; "the baby of the Supreme Court" 

what is youngest?

 United States religious leader of the Mormon Church after the assassination of Joseph Smith; he led the Mormon exodus from Illinois to Salt Lake City, Utah 

what is assassination?

 murder of a public figure by surprise attack

what is public?

 a body of people sharing some common interest; "the reading public"

what is reading?

 a datum about some physical state that is presented to a user by a meter or similar instrument; "he could not believe the meter reading"; "the barometer gave clear indications of an approaching storm" 

what is user?

 a person who makes use of a thing; someone who uses or employs something 

what is thing?

 a persistent illogical feeling of desire or aversion; "he has a thing about seafood"; "she has a thing about him" 

what is persistent?

 neverceasing; "the relentless beat of the drums" 

what is relentless?

 not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty; "grim determination"; "grim necessity"; "Russia's final hour, it seemed, approached with inexorable certainty"; "relentless persecution"; "the stern demands of parenthood" 

what is stern?

 the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on; "he deserves a good kick in the butt"; "are you going to sit on your fanny and do nothing?" 

what is butt?

 a large cask especially one holding a volume equivalent to hogsheads or gallons 

what is volume?

 a publication that is one of a set of several similar publications; "the third volume was missing"; "he asked for the volume of the Annual Review" 

what is Annual?

 completing its life cycle within a year; "a border of annual flowering plants" 

what is border?

 provide with a border or edge; "edge the tablecloth with embroidery" 

what is tablecloth?

 a covering spread over a dining table

what is covering?

 the act of concealing the existence of something by obstructing the view of it; "the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft" 

what is existence?

 everything that exists anywhere; "they study the evolution of the universe"; "the biggest tree in existence" 

what is biggest?

 of very great significance; "deciding to drop the atom bomb was a very big decision"; "a momentous event" 

what is atom?

 physics and chemistry the smallest component of an element having the chemical properties of the element 

what is element?

 an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system; "spare components for cars"; "a component or constituent element of a system" 

what is composite?

 a modified Corinthian style of architecture a combination of Corinthian and Ionic n 

what is modified?

 add a modifier to a constituent 

what is modifier?

 a moderator who makes less extreme or uncompromising 

what is moderator?

 in the Presdyterian church, the officer who presides over a synod or general assembly 

what is synod?

 a council convened to discuss ecclesiastical business

what is council?

 a meeting of people for consultation; "emergency council"

what is meeting?

 a formally arranged gathering; "next year the meeting will be in Chicago"; "the meeting elected a chairperson" 

what is formally?

 with official authorization; "the club will be formally recognized" 

what is club?

 a spot that is open late at night and that provides entertainment as singers or dancers as well as dancing and food and drink; "don't expect a good meal at a cabaret"; "the gossip columnist got his information by visiting nightclubs every night"; "he played the drums at a jazz club" 

what is cabaret?

 a spot that is open late at night and that provides entertainment as singers or dancers as well as dancing and food and drink; "don't expect a good meal at a cabaret"; "the gossip columnist got his information by visiting nightclubs every night"; "he played the drums at a jazz club" 

what is jazz?

 a genre of popular music that originated in New Orleans around and developed through increasingly complex styles 

what is genre?

 a style of expressing yourself in writing 

what is style?

 botany the narrow elongated part of the pistil between the ovary and the stigma 

what is ovary?

 the organ that bears the ovules of a flower 

what is flower?

 a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms 

what is plant?

 place something or someone in a certain position in order to secretly observe or deceive; "Plant a spy in Moscow"; "plant bugs in the dissident's apartment" 

what is dissident?

 disagreeing, especially with a majority 

what is majority?

 the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part; "the majority of his customers prefer it"; "the bulk of the work is finished" 

what is bulk?

 stick out or up; "The parcel bulked in the sack" 

what is sack?

 the plundering of a place by an army or mob; usually involves destruction and slaughter; "the sack of Rome" 

what is plundering?

 the act of stealing valuable things from a place; "the plundering of the Parthenon"; "his plundering of the great authors" 

what is Parthenon?

 the main temple of the goddess Athena; built on the acropolis in Athens more than years B.C.; example of Doric architecture

what is goddess?

 a female deity

what is female?

 for or composed of women or girls; "the female lead in the play"; "a female chorus" n 

what is play?

 emit recorded sound; "The tape was playing for hours"; "the stereo was playing Beethoven when I entered" 

what is stereo?

 reproducer in which two microphones feed two or more loudspeakers to give a threedimensional effect to the sound 

what is threedimensional?

 involving or relating to three dimensions or aspects; giving the illusion of depth; "lifelike threedimensional characters"; "a threedimensional account of conditions under the new government"; "they shot the movie in threeD" 

what is movie?

 a form of entertainment that enacts a story by a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement; "they went to a movie every Saturday night"; "the film was shot on location" 

what is sequence?

 several repetitions of a melodic phrase in different keys v 

what is melodic?

 containing or constituting or characterized by pleasing melody; "the melodious song of a meadowlark" 

what is melodious?

 having a musical sound; especially a pleasing tune 

what is musical?

 talented in or devoted to music; "comes from a very musical family" 

what is very?

 used to give emphasis to the relevance of the thing modified; "his very name struck terror"; "caught in the very act" 

what is relevance?

 the relation of something to the matter at hand 

what is relation?

 a person related by blood or marriage; "police are searching for relatives of the deceased"; "he has distant relations back in New Jersey" 

what is deceased?

 someone who is no longer alive; "I wonder what the dead person would have done" 

what is dead?

 no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life; "the nerve is dead"; "a dead pallor"; "he was marked as a dead man by the assassin" 

what is assassin?

 a murderer especially one who kills a prominent political figure who kills by a treacherous surprise attack and often is hired to do the deed; "his assassins were hunted down like animals"; "assassinators of kings and emperors" 

what is murderer?

 a criminal who commits homicide who performs the unlawful premeditated killing of another human being 

what is unlawful?

 having no legally established claim; "the wrongful heir to the throne" 

what is wrongful?

 having no legally established claim; "the wrongful heir to the throne" 

what is throne?

 a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination 

what is plumbing?

 utility consisting of the pipes and fixtures for the distribution of water or gas in a building and for the disposal of sewage 

what is pipes?

 a wind instrument; the player blows air into a bag and squeezes it out through pipes 

what is player?

 an important participant as in a business deal; "he was a major player in setting up the corporation"

what is corporation?

 slang terms for a paunch 

what is paunch?

 a protruding abdomen 

what is protruding?

 extending out above or beyond a surface or boundary; "the jutting limb of a tree"; "massive projected buttresses"; "his protruding ribs"; "a pile of boards sticking over the end of his truck" 

what is jutting?

 extend out or project in space; "His sharp nose jutted out"; "A single rock sticks out from the cliff" 

what is cliff?

 a steep high face of rock; "he stood on a high cliff overlooking the town"; "a steep drop" 

what is steep?

 let sit in a liquid to extract a flavor or to cleanse; "steep the blossoms in oil"; "steep the fruit in alcohol" 

what is flavor?

 the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth 

what is savoury?

 either of two aromatic herbs of the mint family 

what is mint?

 a candy that is flavored with a mint oil 

what is candy?

 a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts v 

what is rich?

 affording an abundant supply; "had ample food for the party"; "copious provisions"; "food is plentiful"; "a plenteous grape harvest"; "a rich supply" 

what is plenteous?

 affording an abundant supply; "had ample food for the party"; "copious provisions"; "food is plentiful"; "a plenteous grape harvest"; "a rich supply" 

what is party?

 a band of people associated temporarily in some activity; "they organized a party to search for food"; "the company of cooks walked into the kitchen" 

what is band?

 a stripe of contrasting color; "chromosomes exhibit characteristic bands" 

what is stripe?

 a marking of a different color or texture from the background 

what is marking?

 a distinguishing symbol; "the owner's mark was on all the sheep" 

what is sheep?

 woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat 

what is goat?

 any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and straight horns 

what is beard?

 go along the rim, like a beard around the chin; "Houses bearded the top of the heights"

what is chin?

 raise oneself while hanging from one's hands until one's chin is level with the support bar 

what is support?

 documentary validation; "his documentation of the results was excellent"; "the strongest support for this this view is the work of Jones" 

what is strongest?

 having a strong physiological or chemical effect; "a potent toxin"; "potent liquor"; "a potent cup of tea" 

what is potent?

 having the power to influence or convince; "a cogent analysis of the problem"; "potent arguments" 

what is cogent?

 powerfully persuasive; "a cogent argument"; "a telling presentation"; "a weighty argument" 

what is telling?

 disclosing unintentionally; "a telling smile"; "a telltale panel of lights"; "a telltale patch of oil on the water marked where the boat went down" 

what is telltale?

 disclosing unintentionally; "a telling smile"; "a telltale panel of lights"; "a telltale patch of oil on the water marked where the boat went down" 

what is boat?

 a dish often boatshaped for serving gravy or sauce 

what is dish?

 directional antenna consisting of a parabolic reflector for microwave or radio frequency radiation 

what is parabolic?

 having the form of a parabola 

what is parabola?

 a plane curve formed by the intersection of a right circular cone and a plane parallel to an element of the curve

what is intersection?

 a junction where one street or road crosses another 

what is junction?

 the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made 

what is connection?

 a supplier especially of narcotics 

what is supplier?

 someone whose business is to supply a particular service or commodity 

what is particular?

 unique or specific to a person or thing or category; "the particular demands of the job"; "has a paraticular preference for Chinese art"; "a peculiar bond of sympathy between them"; "an expression peculiar to Canadians"; "rights peculiar to the rich"; "the special features of a computer"; "my own special chair" 

what is peculiar?

 characteristic of one only; distinctive or special; "the peculiar character of the Government of the U.S." R.B.Taney 

what is Government?

 the study of government of states and other political units 

what is study?

 consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning; "analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare"; "analyze the evidence in a criminal trial"; "analyze your real motives" 

what is sonnet?

 a verse form consisting of lines with a fixed rhyme scheme v 

what is verse?

 compose verses or put into verse; "He versified the ancient saga" 

what is ancient?

 belonging to times long past especially of the historical period before the fall of the Western Roman Empire; "ancient history"; "ancient civilizations such as those of the Etruscans and Sumerians"; "ancient Greece" 

what is Western?

 a film about life in the western United States during the period of exploration and development 

what is western?

 a sandwich made from a western omelet 

what is sandwich?

 two or more slices of bread with a filling between them v 

what is filling?

 dentistry a dental appliance consisting of any of various substances as metal or plastic inserted into a prepared cavity in a tooth; "when he yawned I could see the gold fillings in his teeth"; "an informal British term for `filling' is `stopping'" 

what is prepared?

 equipped or prepared with necessary intellectual resources; "graduates well equipped to handle such problems"; "equipped to be a scholar"

what is scholar?

 a student who holds a scholarship

what is scholarship?

 financial aid provided to a student on the basis of academic merit 

what is student?

 a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution 

what is learner?

 works for an expert to learn a trade 

what is trade?

 turn in as payment or part payment for a purchase; "trade in an old car for a new one" 

what is purchase?

 the acquisition of something for payment; "they closed the purchase with a handshake" 

what is handshake?

 grasping and shaking a person's hand as to acknowledge an introduction or to agree on a contract 

what is contract?

 enter into a contractual arrangement 

what is contractual?

 relating to or part of a binding legal agreement; "contractual obligations"

what is binding?

 the act of applying a bandage 

what is bandage?

 a piece of soft material that covers and protects an injured part of the body 

what is piece?

 an item that is an instance of some type; "he designed a new piece of equipment"; "she bought a lovely piece of china"; 

what is lovely?

 lovable especially in a childlike or naive way 

what is childlike?

 befitting a young child; "childlike charm" 

what is young?

 United States religious leader of the Mormon Church after the assassination of Joseph Smith; he led the Mormon exodus from Illinois to Salt Lake City, Utah 

what is Mormon?

 of or pertaining to or characteristic of the Mormon church; "Mormon leaders"; "the former Mormon practice of polygamy" n 

what is former?

 referring to the first of two things or persons mentioned or the earlier one or ones of several; "the novel was made into a film in and again in ; I prefer the former version to the latter one" 

what is earlier?

 of an early stage in the development of a language or literature; "the Early Hebrew alphabetical script is that used mainly from the th to the th centuries B.C."; "Early Modern English is represented in documents printed from to " 

what is Early?

 expected in the near future; "look for an early end to the negotiations" adv 

what is near?

 not far distant in time or space or degree or circumstances; "near neighbors"; "in the near future"; "they are near equals"; "his nearest approach to success"; "a very near thing"; "a near hit by the bomb"; "she was near tears"; "she was close to tears"; "had a close call" 

what is bomb?

 fail to get a passing grade; "She studied hard but failed nevertheless"; "Did I fail the test?" 

what is passing?

 American football a play that involves one player throwing the ball to a teammate; "the coach sent in a passing play on third and long" 

what is teammate?

 a fellow member of a team; "it was his first start against his former teammates" 

what is fellow?

 a boy or man; "that chap is your host"; "there's a fellow at the door"; "he's a likable cuss" 

what is likable?

 of characters in literature or drama evoking empathic or sympathetic feelings; "the sympathetic characters in the play" 

what is sympathetic?

 having similar disposition and tastes; "a compatible married couple"; "with their many similar tastes, he found her a most sympathetic companion" 

what is compatible?

 capable of forming a homogeneous mixture that neither separates nor is altered by chemical interaction

what is homogeneous?

 all of the same or similar kind or nature; "a closeknit homogeneous group" 

what is closeknit?

 held together as by social or cultural ties; "a closeknit family"; "closeknit little villages"; "the group was closely knit" 

what is group?

 chemistry two or more atoms bound together as a single unit and forming part of a molecule 

what is molecule?

 nontechnical usage a tiny piece of anything 

what is tiny?

 very small; "diminutive in stature"; "a lilliputian chest of drawers"; "her petite figure"; "tiny feet"; "the flyspeck nation of Bahrain moved toward democracy" 

what is lilliputian?

 a inch tall inhabitant of Lilliput in a novel by Jonathan Swift

what is inch?

 a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot 

what is foot?

 a support resembling a pedal extremity; "one foot of the chair was on the carpet" 

what is pedal?

 a sustained bass note 

what is sustained?

 of an electric arc continuous; "heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs" 

what is anode?

 the negatively charged terminal of a voltaic cell or storage battery that supplies current 

what is negatively?

 in a harmful manner; "he was negatively affected" 

what is harmful?

 constituting a disadvantage 

what is disadvantage?

 the quality of having an inferior or less favorable position 

what is quality?

 a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something; "each town has a quality all its own"; "the radical character of our demands" 

what is apparent?

 appearing as such but not necessarily so; "for all his apparent wealth he had no money to pay the rent"; "the committee investigated some apparent discrepancies"; "the ostensible truth of their theories"; "his seeming honesty" 

what is ostensible?

 appearing as such but not necessarily so; "for all his apparent wealth he had no money to pay the rent"; "the committee investigated some apparent discrepancies"; "the ostensible truth of their theories"; "his seeming honesty" 

what is rent?

 tear or be torn violently; "The curtain ripped from top to bottom"; "pull the cooked chicken into strips" 

what is cooked?

 having been prepared for eating by the application of heat 

what is application?

 liquid preparation having a soothing or antiseptic or medicinal action when applied to the skin; "a lotion for dry skin" 

what is lotion?

 any of various cosmetic preparations that are applied to the skin 

what is skin?

 the rind of a fruit or vegetable 

what is rind?

 the tissue forming the hard outer layer of e.g. a fruit 

what is tissue?

 a part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar structure and function 

what is similar?

 having the same or similar characteristics; "all politicians are alike"; "they looked utterly alike"; "friends are generaly alike in background and taste" 

what is same?

 unchanged in character or nature; "the village stayed the same"; "his attitude is the same as ever" 

what is village?

 a mainly residential district of Manhattan; `the Village' became a home for many writers and artists in the th century 

what is mainly?

 for the most part; "he is mainly interested in butterflies" 

what is most?

 the superlative of `much' that can be used with mass nouns and is usually preceded by `the'; a quantifier meaning the greatest in amount or extent or degree; "made the most money he could"; "what attracts the most attention?"; "made the most of a bad deal" 

what is quantifier?

 logic a word such as `some' or `all' or `no' that binds the variables in a logical proposition 

what is logical?

 marked by an orderly, logical, and aesthetically consistent relation of parts; "a logical argument"; "the orderly presentation" 

what is orderly?

 a soldier who serves as an attendant to a superior officer; "the orderly laid out the general's uniform" 

what is soldier?

 serve as a soldier in the military

what is military?

 the military forces of a nation; "their military is the largest in the region"; "the military machine is the same one we faced in but now it is weaker" 

what is largest?

 maximal in amount; "a maximal amount"; "an outside estimate" 

what is maximal?

 the greatest or most complete or best possible; "maximal expansion"; "maximum pressure" 

what is greatest?

 greatest in importance or degree or significance or achievement; "our greatest statesmen"; "the country's leading poet"; "a preeminent archeologist" 

what is preeminent?

 greatest in importance or degree or significance or achievement; "our greatest statesmen"; "the country's leading poet"; "a preeminent archeologist" 

what is country?

 a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography; "it was a mountainous area"; "Bible country" 

what is mountainous?

 like a mountain in size and impressiveness; "mountainous waves"; "a mountainous dark man" 

what is mountain?

 a land mass that projects well above its surroundings; higher than a hill 

what is hill?

 baseball the slight elevation on which the pitcher stands 

what is pitcher?

 an open vessel with a handle and a spout for pouring 

what is spout?

 talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner 

what is noisy?

 full of or characterized by loud and nonmusical sounds; "a noisy cafeteria"; "a small noisy dog" 

what is small?

 limited in size or scope; "a small business"; "a newspaper with a modest circulation"; "smallscale plans"; "a pocketsize country" 

what is pocketsize?

 limited in size or scope; "a small business"; "a newspaper with a modest circulation"; "smallscale plans"; "a pocketsize country" 

what is modest?

 marked by simplicity; having a humble opinion of yourself; "a modest apartment"; "too modest to wear his medals" 

what is humble?

 cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of; "He humiliated his colleague by criticising him in front of the boss" 

what is pride?

 the trait of being spurred on by a dislike of falling below your standards 

what is dislike?

 a feeling of aversion or antipathy; "my dislike of him was instinctive" 

what is feeling?

 the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people; "the feel of the city excited him"; "a clergyman improved the tone of the meeting"; "it had the smell of treason" 

what is smell?

 the act of perceiving the odor of something 

what is odor?

 the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated by particular chemicals in gaseous form; "she loved the smell of roses" 

what is nose?

 the sense of smell especially in animals; "the hound has a good nose" 

what is hound?

 pursue or chase relentlessly; "The hunters traced the deer into the woods"; "the detectives hounded the suspect until they found the him" 

what is deer?

 distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers 

what is male?

 the capital of Maldives in the center of the islands

what is capital?

 assets available for use in the production of further assets 

what is production?

 a presentation for the stage or screen or radio or television; "have you seen the new production of Hamlet?" 

what is presentation?

 the activity of formally presenting something as a prize or reward; "she gave the trophy but he made the presentation" 

what is trophy?

 something given as a token of victory 

what is token?

 insignificantly small; a matter of form only `tokenish' is informal; "the fee was nominal"; "a token gesture of resistance"; "a tokenish gesture" 

what is tokenish?

 insignificantly small; a matter of form only `tokenish' is informal; "the fee was nominal"; "a token gesture of resistance"; "a tokenish gesture" 

what is matter?

 a vaguely specified concern; "several matters to attend to"; "it is none of your affair"; "things are going well" 

what is vaguely?

 in a vague way; "he looked vaguely familiar"; "he explained it somewhat mistily" 

what is vague?

 lacking clarity or distinctness; "a dim figure in the distance"; "only a faint recollection"; "shadowy figures in the gloom"; "saw a vague outline of a building through the fog"; "a few wispy memories of childhood" 

what is gloom?

 a state of partial or total darkness; "he struck a match to dispell the gloom" 

what is match?

 make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching; "let's equalize the duties among all employees in this office"; "The company matched the discount policy of its competitors" 

what is discount?

 the act of reducing the selling price of merchandise 

what is selling?

 the exchange of goods for an agreed sum of money 

what is exchange?

 chess the capture by both players usually on consecutive moves of pieces of equal value; "the endgame began after the exchange of queens" v 

what is endgame?

 the final stages of a chess game after most of the pieces have been removed from the board 

what is chess?

 weedy annual native to Europe but widely distributed as a weed especially in wheat 

what is weed?

 clear of weeds; "weed the garden"

what is garden?

 a yard or lawn adjoining a house v 

what is yard?

 a unit of length equal to feet; defined as . centimeters; originally taken to be the average length of a stride 

what is stride?

 significant progress especially in the phrase "make strides"; "they made big strides in productivity" v 

what is phrase?

 an expression forming a grammatical constituent of a sentence but not containing a finite verb 

what is finite?

 of verbs; relating to forms of the verb that are limited in time by a tense and usually show agreement with number and person 

what is tense?

 increase the tension on; "tense a rope" 

what is tension?

 the physical condition of being stretched or strained; "it places great tension on the leg muscles"; "he could feel the tenseness of her body" 

what is tenseness?

 psychology a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense; "he suffered from fatigue and emotional tension"; "stress is a vasoconstrictor" 

what is vasoconstrictor?

 any agent that causes a narrowing of an opening of a blood vessel

what is blood?

 smear with blood, as in a hunting initiation rite, where the face of a person is smeared with the blood of the kill

what is hunting?

 the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport 

what is sport?

 the occupation of athletes who compete for pay 

what is occupation?

 the act of occupying or taking possession of a building; "occupation of a building without a certificate of occupancy is illegal" 

what is certificate?

 a formal declaration that documents a fact of relevance to finance and investment; the holder has a right to receive interest or dividends; "he held several valuable securities" 

what is holder?

 a holding device; "a towel holder" 

what is towel?

 a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth or paper for drying or wiping v 

what is rectangular?

 having a set of mutually perpendicular axes; meeting at right angles; "wind and sea may displace the ship's center of gravity along three orthogonal axes"; "a rectangular Cartesian coordinate system" 

what is ship?

 place on board a ship; "ship the cargo in the hold of the vessel" [also

what is hold?

 have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense; "She has $, in the bank"; "He has got two beautiful daughters"; "She holds a Master's degree from Harvard" 

what is Master?

 an officer who is licensed to command a merchant ship 

what is merchant?

 a businessperson engaged in retail trade 

what is businessperson?

 a capitalist who engages in industrial commercial enterprise 

what is capitalist?

 a conservative advocate of capitalism 

what is conservative?

 unimaginatively conventional; "a colorful character in the buttoneddown, dullgray world of business" Newsweek 

what is buttoneddown?

 unimaginatively conventional; "a colorful character in the buttoneddown, dullgray world of business" Newsweek 

what is colorful?

 having color or a certain color; sometimes used in combination; "colored crepe paper"; "the film was in color"; "ambercolored heads of grain" 

what is film?

 photographic material consisting of a base of celluloid covered with a photographic emulsion; used to make negatives or transparencies 

what is photographic?

 representing people or nature with the exactness and fidelity of a photograph

what is photograph?

 a picture of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on lightsensitive material 

what is print?

 the result of the printing process; "I want to see it in black and white" 

what is printing?

 all the copies of a work printed at one time; "they ran off an initial printing of copies" 

what is work?

 operate in a certain place, area, or specialty; "She works the night clubs"; "The salesman works the Midwest"; "This artist works mostly in acrylics" 

what is Midwest?

 the north central region of the United States sometimes called the heartland or the breadbasket of America 

what is heartland?

 the central region of a country or continent; especially a region that is important to a country or to a culture

what is culture?

 a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; "they performed with great polish"; "I admired the exquisite refinement of his prose"; "almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art"Joseph Conrad 

what is exquisite?

 of delicate composition and artistry; "a dainty teacup"; "an exquisite cameo" 

what is dainty?

 especially pleasing to the taste; "a dainty dish to set before a kind"; "a tasty morsel" 

what is tasty?

 especially pleasing to the taste; "a dainty dish to set before a kind"; "a tasty morsel" 

what is taste?

 the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey information about the chemical composition of a soluble stimulus; "the candy left him with a bad taste"; "the melon had a delicious taste" 

what is soluble?

 susceptible of solution or of being solved or explained; "the puzzle is soluble" 

what is puzzle?

 be a mystery or bewildering to; "This beats me!"; "Got meI don't know the answer!"; "a vexing problem"; "This question really stuck me" 

what is vexing?

 extremely annoying or displeasing; "his cavelier curtness of manner was exasperating"; "I've had an exasperating day"; "her infuriating indifference"; "the ceaseless tumult of the jukebox was maddening" 

what is jukebox?

 a cabinet containing an automatic record player; records are played by inserting a coin 

what is cabinet?

 a storage compartment for clothes and valuables; usually it has a lock 

what is storage?

 depositing in a warehouse 

what is warehouse?

 a storehouse for goods and merchandise 

what is storehouse?

 a depository for goods; "storehouses were built close to the docks" 

what is depository?

 a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping 

what is facility?

 a building or place that provides a particular service or is used for a particular industry; "the assembly plant is an enormous facility" 

what is assembly?

 a group of machine parts that fit together to form a selfcontained unit 

what is selfcontained?

 in full control of your faculties; "the witness remained collected throughout the crossexamination"; "perfectly poised and sure of himself"; "more selfcontained and more dependable than many of the early frontiersmen"; "strong and selfpossessed in the face of trouble" 

what is crossexamination?

 law close questioning of a hostile witness in a court of law to discredit or throw a new light on the testimony already provided in direct examination

what is testimony?

 a solemn statement made under oath 

what is solemn?

 dignified and somber in manner or character and committed to keeping promises; "a grave Godfearing man"; "a quiet sedate nature"; "as sober as a judge"; "a solemn promise"; "the judge was solemn as he pronounced sentence" 

what is quiet?

 in a softened tone; "hushed voices"; "muted trumpets"; "a subdued whisper"; "a quiet reprimand" 

what is softened?

 being or made softer or less loud or clear; "the dull boom of distant breaking waves"; "muffled drums"; "the muffled noises of the street"; "muted trumpets" 

what is muffled?

 being or made softer or less loud or clear; "the dull boom of distant breaking waves"; "muffled drums"; "the muffled noises of the street"; "muted trumpets" 

what is dull?

 emitting or reflecting very little light; "a dull glow"; "dull silver badly in need of a polish"; "a dull sky" 

what is polish?

 the Slavic language of Poland v 

what is Slavic?

 a branch of the Indo European family of language 

what is branch?

 a part of a forked or branching shape; "he broke off one of the branches"; "they took the south fork" 

what is forked?

 resembling a fork; divided or separated into two branches; "the biramous appendages of an arthropod"; "long branched hairs on its legson which pollen collects"; "a forked river"; "a forked tail"; "forked lightning"; "horseradish grown in poor soil may develop prongy roots" 

what is biramous?

 resembling a fork; divided or separated into two branches; "the biramous appendages of an arthropod"; "long branched hairs on its legson which pollen collects"; "a forked river"; "a forked tail"; "forked lightning"; "horseradish grown in poor soil may develop prongy roots" 

what is fork?

 lift with a pitchfork; "pitchfork hay" 

what is pitchfork?

 a longhandled hand tool with sharp widely spaced prongs for lifting and pitching hay v 

what is longhandled?

 having a long handle

what is long?

 of memory having greater than average range; "a long memory especially for insults"; "a tenacious memory" 

what is tenacious?

 stubbornly unyielding; "dogged persistence"; "dour determination"; "the most vocal and pertinacious of all the critics"; "a mind not gifted to discover truth but tenacious to hold it" T.S.Eliot; "men tenacious of opinion" 

what is mind?

 pay close attention to; give heed to; "Heed the advice of the old men" 

what is advice?

 a proposal for an appropriate course of action

what is proposal?

 something proposed such as a plan or assumption 

what is plan?

 an arrangement scheme; "the awkward design of the keyboard made operation difficult"; "it was an excellent design for living"; "a plan for seating guests" 

what is awkward?

 hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment; "awkward or embarrassing or difficult moments in the discussion"; "an awkward pause followed his remark"; "a sticky question"; "in the unenviable position of resorting to an act he had planned to save for the climax of the campaign" 

what is unenviable?

 hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment; "awkward or embarrassing or difficult moments in the discussion"; "an awkward pause followed his remark"; "a sticky question"; "in the unenviable position of resorting to an act he had planned to save for the climax of the campaign" 

what is sticky?

 hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment; "awkward or embarrassing or difficult moments in the discussion"; "an awkward pause followed his remark"; "a sticky question"; "in the unenviable position of resorting to an act he had planned to save for the climax of the campaign" 

what is climax?

 the decisive moment in a novel or play; "the deathbed scene is the climax of the play" 

what is deathbed?

 the last few hours before death 

what is last?

 not to be altered or undone; "the judge's decision is final"; "the arbiter will have the last say" 

what is arbiter?

 someone with the power to settle matters at will; "she was the final arbiter on all matters of fashion" 

what is final?

 occurring at or forming an end or termination; "his concluding words came as a surprise"; "the final chapter"; "the last days of the dinosaurs"; "terminal leave" 

what is surprise?

 come upon or take unawares; "She surprised the couple"; "He surprised an interesting scene" 

what is couple?

 a pair who associate with one another; "the engaged couple"; "an inseparable twosome" 

what is engaged?

 involved in military hostilities; "the desperately engaged ships continued the fight" 

what is desperately?

 with great urgency; "health care reform is needed urgently"; "the soil desperately needed potash" 

what is soil?

 the geographical area under the jurisdiction of a sovereign state; "American troops were stationed on Japanese soil" 

what is jurisdiction?

 law the right and power to interpret and apply the law; "courts having jurisdiction in this district" 

what is right?

 make reparations or amends for; "right a wrongs done to the victims of the Holocaust" 

what is Holocaust?

 the Nazi program of exterminating Jews under Hitler 

what is Nazi?

 relating to or consistent with or typical of the ideology and practice of Nazism or the Nazis; "the total Nazi crime"; "the Nazi interpretation of history" 

what is ideology?

 an orientation that characterizes the thinking of a group or nation 

what is thinking?

 endowed with the capacity to reason 

what is capacity?

 the susceptibility of something to a particular treatment; "the capability of a metal to be fused" 

what is susceptibility?

 the state of being susceptible; easily affected 

what is state?

 the federal department in the UnitedStates that sets and maintains foreign policies; "the Department of State was created in " 

what is Department?

 a specialized division of a large organization; "you'll find it in the hardware department"; "she got a job in the historical section of the Treasury" 

what is hardware?

 computer science the mechanical, magnetic, electronic, and electrical components making up a computer system 

what is mechanical?

 relating to or governed by or in accordance with mechanics; "a belief that the universe is a mechanical contrivance"; "the mechanical pressure of a strong wind" 

what is belief?

 a vague idea in which some confidence is placed; "his impression of her was favorable"; "what are your feelings about the crisis?"; "it strengthened my belief in his sincerity"; "I had a feeling that she was lying" 

what is crisis?

 an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty; "they went bankrupt during the economic crisis" 

what is economic?

 using the minimum of time or resources necessary for effectiveness; "an economic use of home heating oil"; "a modern economical heating system"; "an economical use of her time" 

what is modern?

 relating to a recently developed fashion or style; "their offices are in a modern skyscraper"; "tables in modernistic designs"; 

what is recently?

 very recently; "they are newly married"; "newly raised objections"; "a newly arranged hairdo"; "grass new washed by the rain"; "a freshly cleaned floor"; "we are fresh out of tomatoes" 

what is freshly?

 very recently; "they are newly married"; "newly raised objections"; "a newly arranged hairdo"; "grass new washed by the rain"; "a freshly cleaned floor"; "we are fresh out of tomatoes" 

what is newly?

 very recently; "they are newly married"; "newly raised objections"; "a newly arranged hairdo"; "grass new washed by the rain"; "a freshly cleaned floor"; "we are fresh out of tomatoes" 

what is rain?

 water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere 

what is atmosphere?

 the mass of air surrounding the Earth; "there was great heat as the comet entered the atmosphere"; "it was exposed to the air" 

what is comet?

 astronomy a relatively small extraterrestrial body consisting of a frozen mass that travels around the sun in a highly elliptical orbit

what is frozen?

 cause to freeze; "Freeze the leftover food" 

what is leftover?

 not used up; "leftover meatloaf"; "she had a little money left over so she went to a movie"; "some odd dollars left"; "saved the remaining sandwiches for supper"; "unexpended provisions" 

what is remaining?

 not used up; "leftover meatloaf"; "she had a little money left over so she went to a movie"; "some odd dollars left"; "saved the remaining sandwiches for supper"; "unexpended provisions" 

what is little?

 small in a way that arouses feelings of tenderness or its opposite depending on the context; "a nice little job"; "bless your little heart"; "my dear little mother"; "a sweet little deal"; "I'm tired of your petty little schemes"; "filthy little tricks"; "what a nasty little situation" n 

what is context?

 the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event; "the historical context" 

what is historical?

 belonging to the past; of what is important or famous in the past; "historic victories"; "historical or historic times"; "a historical character" 

what is past?

 of a person who has held and relinquished a position or office; "a retiring member of the board" 

what is retiring?

 moving toward a position farther from the front; "the receding glaciers of the last ice age"; "retiring fogs revealed the rocky coastline" 

what is receding?

 of a hairline e.g. moving slowly back 

what is hairline?

 the natural margin formed by hair on the head

what is natural?

 existing in or in conformity with nature or the observable world; neither supernatural nor magical; "a perfectly natural explanation" 

what is observable?

 capable of being seen or noticed; "a discernible change in attitude"; "a clearly evident erasure in the manuscript"; "an observable change in behavior" 

what is discernible?

 perceptible by the senses or intellect; "things happen in the earth and sky with no discernible cause"; "the newspaper reports no discernible progress in the negotiations"; "the skyline is easily discernible even at a distance of several miles" 

what is skyline?

 the outline of objects seen against the sky 

what is outline?

 draw up an outline or sketch for something; "draft a speech" 

what is speech?

 words making up the dialogue of a play; "the actor forgot his speech" 

what is dialogue?

 a discussion intended to produce an agreement; "the buyout negotiation lasted several days"; "they disagreed but kept an open dialogue"; "talks between Israelis and Palestinians" 

what is buyout?

 acquisition of a company by purchasing a controlling percentage of its stock

what is controlling?

 verify or regulate by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard, of scientific experiments; "Are you controlling for the temperature?" 

what is parallel?

 of or relating to the simultaneous performance of multiple operations; "parallel processing" n 

what is simultaneous?

 occurring or operating at the same time; "a series of coincident events" 

what is series?

 a group of postage stamps having a common theme or a group of coins or currency selected as a group for study or collection; "the Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers"; "his coin collection included the complete series of Indianhead pennies" 

what is Post?

 publicize with, or as if with, a poster; "I'll post the news on the bulletin board" 

what is bulletin?

 a brief report especially an official statement issued for immediate publication or broadcast v 

what is brief?

 a document stating the facts and points of law of a client's case 

what is client?

 a person who seeks the advice of a lawyer 

what is lawyer?

 a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives legal advice 

what is professional?

 characteristic of or befitting a profession or one engaged in a profession; "professional conduct"; "professional ethics"; "a thoroughly professional performance" 

what is thoroughly?

 in a complete and thorough manner `good' is sometimes used informally for `thoroughly'; "he was soundly defeated"; "we beat him good" 

what is complete?

 having come or been brought to a conclusion; "the harvesting was complete"; "the affair is over, ended, finished"; "the abruptly terminated interview" 

what is harvesting?

 the gathering of a ripened crop 

what is gathering?

 accumulating and becoming more intense; "the deepening gloom"; "felt a deepening love"; "the gathering darkness"; "the thickening dusk" 

what is deepening?

 a process of becoming deeper and more profound

what is process?

 a writ issued by authority of law; usually compels the defendant's attendance in a civil suit; failure to appear results in a default judgment against the defendant 

what is default?

 loss due to not showing up; "he lost the game by default" 

what is game?

 disabled in the feet or legs; "a crippled soldier"; "a game leg" 

what is crippled?

 disabled in the feet or legs; "a crippled soldier"; "a game leg" 

what is feet?

 a foot of a vertebrate other than a human being 

what is vertebrate?

 animals having a bony or cartilaginous skeleton with a segmented spinal column and a large brain enclosed in a skull or cranium 

what is segmented?

 having the body divided into successive metameres or segments, as in earthworms or lobsters 

what is body?

 a group of persons associated by some common tie or occupation and regarded as an entity; "the whole body filed out of the auditorium" 

what is auditorium?

 the area of a theater or concert hall where the audience sits [also

what is theater?

 a region in which active military operations are in progress; "the army was in the field awaiting action"; "he served in the Vietnam theater for three years" 

what is Vietnam?

 a prolonged war between the communist armies of North Vietnam who were supported by the Chinese and the noncommunist armies of South Vietnam who were supported by the United States 

what is Chinese?

 of or relating to or characteristic of the island republic on Taiwan or its residents or their language; "the Taiwanese capital is Taipeh" 

what is Taiwanese?

 of or relating to or characteristic of the island republic on Taiwan or its residents or their language; "the Taiwanese capital is Taipeh" 

what is island?

 a zone or area resembling an island

what is zone?

 a circumscribed geographical region characterized by some distinctive features 

what is circumscribed?

 showing or determining a boundary; "it is impossible to specify a clearly circumscribed or delimited area for any particular science" 

what is clearly?

 in an intelligible manner; "the foreigner spoke to us quite intelligibly" 

what is foreigner?

 a person who comes from a foreign country; someone who does not owe allegiance to your country 

what is foreign?

 not contained in or deriving from the essential nature of something; "an economic theory alien to the spirit of capitalism"; "the mysticism so foreign to the French mind and temper"; "jealousy is foreign to her nature" 

what is mysticism?

 a religion based on mystical communion with an ultimate reality 

what is religion?

 institution to express belief in a divine power; "he was raised in the Baptist religion"; "a member of his own faith contradicted him" 

what is divine?

 being or having the nature of a god; "the custom of killing the divine king upon any serious failure of his...powers"J.G.Frazier; "the divine will"; "the divine capacity for love"; "'Tis wise to learn; 'tis Godlike to create"J.G.Saxe 

what is custom?

 money collected under a tariff 

what is tariff?

 a government tax on imports or exports; "they signed a treaty to lower duties on trade between their countries" 

what is treaty?

 a written agreement between two states or sovereigns 

what is written?

 write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of a word or part of a word; "He spelled the word wrong in this letter" 

what is conventionally?

 in a conventional manner; "he usually behaves rather conventionally" 

what is conventional?

 in accord with or being a tradition or practice accepted from the past; "a conventional church wedding with the bride in traditional white"; "the conventional handshake" 

what is bride?

 Irish abbess; a patron saint of Ireland 

what is patron?

 the proprietor of an inn 

what is proprietor?

 law someone who owns is legal possessor of a business; "he is the owner of a chain of restaurants" 

what is owner?

 law someone who owns is legal possessor of a business; "he is the owner of a chain of restaurants" 

what is chain?

 a necklace made by a stringing objects together; "a string of beads"; "a strand of pearls"; 

what is strand?

 a pattern forming a unity within a larger structural whole; "he tried to pick up the strands of his former life"; "I could hear several melodic strands simultaneously" 

what is unity?

 the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number; "he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it"; "they had lunch at one" 

what is numeral?

 a symbol used to represent a number; "he learned to write the numerals before he went to school" 

what is symbol?

 something visible that by association or convention represents something else that is invisible; "the eagle is a symbol of the United States" 

what is eagle?

 golf a score of two strokes under par on a hole 

what is score?

 a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest; "the score was to " 

what is accomplishment?

 the action of accomplishing something 

what is action?

 the operating part that transmits power to a mechanism; "the piano had a very stiff action" 

what is operating?

 involved in a kind of operation; "the operating conditions of the oxidation pond" 

what is oxidation?

 the process of oxidizing; the addition of oxygen to a compound with a loss of electrons; always occurs accompanied by reduction 

what is addition?

 the act of adding one thing to another; "the addition of flowers created a pleasing effect"; "the addition of a leap day every four years" 

what is leap?

 cause to jump or leap; "the trainer jumped the tiger through the hoop" 

what is tiger?

 large feline of forests in most of Asia having a tawny coat with black stripes; endangered 

what is tawny?

 of a light brown to brownish orange color

what is light?

 having a spongy or flaky texture; wellleavened; "light pastries" 

what is spongy?

 resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compressibility; "spongy bread" 

what is sponge?

 a follower who hangs around a host without benefit to the host in hope of gain or advantage 

what is follower?

 an ordinary person who accepts the leadership of another 

what is leadership?

 the status of a leader; "they challenged his leadership of the union" 

what is status?

 the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society; "he had the status of a minor"; "the novel attained the status of a classic"; "atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life" 

what is classic?

 a creation of the highest excellence 

what is creation?

 everything that exists anywhere; "they study the evolution of the universe"; "the biggest tree in existence" 

what is evolution?

 a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage especially a more advanced or mature stage; "the development of his ideas took many years"; "the evolution of Greek civilization"; "the slow development of her skill as a writer" 

what is slow?

 not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time; "a slow walker"; "the slow lane of traffic"; "her steps were slow"; "he was slow in reacting to the news"; "slow but steady growth" 

what is comparatively?

 in a relative manner; by comparison to something else; "the situation is relatively calm now" 

what is relative?

 properly related in size or degree or other measurable characteristics; usually followed by `to'; "punishment oughtt to be proportional to the crime"; "earnings relative to production" 

what is crime?

 an evil act not necessarily punishable by law; "crimes of the heart"

what is heart?

 a plane figure with rounded sides curving inward at the top and intersecting at the bottom; conventionally used on playing cards and valentines; "he drew a heart and called it a valentine" 

what is valentine?

 a card sent or given as to a sweetheart on Saint Valentine's Day

what is card?

 a card certifying the identity of the bearer; "he had to show his card to get in" 

what is bearer?

 a messenger who bears or presents; "a bearer of good tidings" 

what is messenger?

 a person who carries a message 

what is message?

 a communication usually brief that is written or spoken or signaled; "he sent a threeword message" 

what is communication?

 a connection allowing access between persons or places; "how many lines of communication can there be among four people?"; "a secret passageway provided communication between the two rooms"

what is secret?

 communicated covertly; "their a secret signal was a wink"; "secret messages" 

what is wink?

 a very short time as the time it takes the eye blink or the heart to beat; "if I had the chance I'd do it in a flash" 

what is chance?

 occurring or appearing or singled out by chance; "their accidental meeting led to a renewal of their friendship"; "seek help from casual passersby"; "a casual meeting"; "a chance occurrence" 

what is renewal?

 the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation 

what is conversion?

 a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown 

what is touchdown?

 come or bring a plane to a landing; "the plane touched down at noon"touchdownwnWordNet r .touchdown n 

what is landing?

 the act of coming down to the earth or other surface; "the plane made a smooth landing"; "his landing on his feet was catlike" 

what is smooth?

 smoothly agreeable and courteous with a degree of sophistication; "he was too politic to quarrel with so important a personage"; "the hostess averted a confrontation between two guests with a diplomatic change of subject"; "the manager pacified the customer with a smooth apology for the error"; "affable, suave, moderate men...smugly convinced of their respectability" Ezra Pound 

what is personage?

 another word for person; a person not meriting identification; "a strange personage appeared at the door" 

what is strange?

 being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird; "a strange exaltation that was indefinable"; "a strange fantastical mind"; "what a strange sense of humor she has" 

what is ordinary?

 a judge of a probate court 

what is probate?

 a judicial certificate saying that a will is genuine and conferring on the executors the power to administer the estate 

what is estate?

 a major social class or order of persons regarded collectively as part of the body politic of the country and formerly possessing distinct political rights 

what is major?

 of the elder of two boys with the same family name; "Jones major" 

what is elder?

 used of the older of two persons of the same name especially used to distinguish a father from his son; "Bill Adams, Sr." 

what is older?

 advanced in years; `aged' is pronounced as two syllables; "aged members of the society"; "elderly residents could remember the construction of the first skyscraper"; "senior citizen" 

what is construction?

 drawing a figure satisfying certain conditions as part of solving a problem or proving a theorem; "the assignment was to make a construction that could be used in proving the Pythagorean theorem"

what is theorem?

 an idea accepted as a demonstrable truth

what is demonstrable?

 capable of being demonstrated or proved; "obvious lies"; "a demonstrable lack of concern for the general welfare"; "practical truth provable to all men" Walter Bagehot 

what is general?

 somewhat indefinite; "bearing a general resemblance to the original"; "a general description of the merchandise" 

what is merchandise?

 commodities offered for sale; "good business depends on having good merchandise"; "that store offers a variety of products" 

what is variety?

 noticeable heterogeneity; "a diversity of possibilities"; "the range and variety of his work is amazing" 

what is diversity?

 noticeable heterogeneity; "a diversity of possibilities"; "the range and variety of his work is amazing" 

what is range?

 the limits of the values a function can take; "the range of this function is the interval from to " 

what is interval?

 a definite length of time marked off by two instants 

what is definite?

 precise; explicit and clearly defined; "I want a definite answer"; "a definite statement of the terms of the will"; "a definite amount"; "definite restrictions on the sale of alcohol"; "the wedding date is now definite"; "a definite drop in attendance" 

what is terms?

 status with respect to the relations between people or groups; "on good terms with her inlaws"; "on a friendly footing" 

what is friendly?

 characteristic of or befitting a friend; "friendly advice"; "a friendly neighborhood"; "the only friendly person here"; "a friendly host and hostess" 

what is friend?

 a member of the Religious Society of Friends founded by George Fox the Friends have never called themselves Quakers 

what is Religious?

 having or showing belief in and reverence for a deity; "a religious man"; "religious attitude" 

what is deity?

 any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force 

what is force?

 one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority; "the mysterious presence of an evil power"; "may the force be with you"; "the forces of evil" 

what is mysterious?

 having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding; "mysterious symbols"; "the mystical style of Blake"; "occult lore"; "the secret learning of the ancients" 

what is intelligence?

 the operation of gathering information about an enemy 

what is operation?

 activity by a military or naval force as a maneuver or campaign; "it was a joint operation of the navy and air force" 

what is maneuver?

 act in order to achieve a certain goal; "He maneuvered to get the chairmanship"; "She maneuvered herself into the directorship" 

what is chairmanship?

 the position of chairman

what is position?

 a condition or position in which you find yourself; "the unpleasant situation or position of having to choose between two evils"; "found herself in a very fortunate situation" 

what is unpleasant?

 causing disapproval or protest; "a vulgar and objectionable person" 

what is vulgar?

 of or associated with the great masses of people; "the common people in those days suffered greatly"; "behavior that branded him as common"; "his square plebeian nose"; "a vulgar and objectionable person"; "the unwashed masses" 

what is unwashed?

 not cleaned with or as if with soap and water; "a sink full of unwashed dishes"

what is sink?

 a depression in the ground communicating with a subterranean passage especially in limestone and formed by solution or by collapse of a cavern roof 

what is subterranean?

 being or operating under the surface of the earth; "subterranean passages"; "a subsurface flow of water" 

what is subsurface?

 beneath the surface; "subsurface materials of the moon" 

what is moon?

 United States religious leader born in Korea who founded the Unification Church in ; was found guilty of conspiracy to evade taxes born in 

what is Unification?

 the act of making or becoming a single unit; "the union of opposing factions"; "he looked forward to the unification of his family for the holidays" 

what is unification?

 an occurrence that involves the production of a union 

what is union?

 of trade unions; "the union movement"; "union negotiations"; "a unionshop clause in the contract" 

what is unionshop?

 a company allowed to hire nonunion workers on the condition that they will join the union within a specified time

what is company?

 organization of performers and associated personnel especially theatrical; "the traveling company all stayed at the same hotel" 

what is traveling?

 the act of going from one place to another; "he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel" 

what is travel?

 change location; move, travel, or proceed; "How fast does your new car go?"; "We travelled from Rome to Naples by bus"; "The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect"; "The soldiers moved towards the city in an attempt to take it before night fell" 

what is suspect?

 imagine to be the case or true or probable; "I suspect he is a fugitive"; "I surmised that the butler did it" 

what is butler?

 a manservant usually the head servant of a household who has charge of wines and the table 

what is household?

 a social unit living together; "he moved his family to Virginia"; "It was a good Christian household"; "I waited until the whole house was asleep"; "the teacher asked how many people made up his home" 

what is teacher?

 a personified abstraction that teaches; "books were his teachers"; "experience is a demanding teacher"

what is personified?

 represent, as of a character on stage; "Derek Jacobi was Hamlet" 

what is character?

 a written symbol that is used to represent speech; "the Greek alphabet has characters" 

what is Greek?

 the Hellenic branch of the IndoEuropean family of languages 

what is Hellenic?

 the Hellenic branch of the IndoEuropean family of languages 

what is IndoEuropean?

 a member of the prehistoric people who spoke ProtoIndo European 

what is member?

 one of the persons who compose a social group especially individuals who have joined and participates in a group organization; "only members will be admitted"; "a member of the faculty"; "she was introduced to all the members of his family" 

what is faculty?

 one of the inherent cognitive or perceptual powers of the mind 

what is inherent?

 existing as an essential constituent or characteristic; "the Ptolemaic system with its builtin concept of periodicity"; "a constitutional inability to tell the truth" 

what is Ptolemaic?

 of or relating to the geocentric Ptolemaic system; "in the Ptolemaic system of planetary motion the earth is fixed as the center of the universe with the sun and moon and planets revolving around it"

what is geocentric?

 having the earth as the center 

what is center?

 football the person who plays center on the line of scrimmage and snaps the ball to the quarterback; "the center fumbled the handoff" 

what is handoff?

 American football a play in which one player hands the ball to a teammate

what is ball?

 a solid ball shot by a musket; "they had to carry a ramrod as well as powder and ball" 

what is musket?

 a muzzleloading shoulder gun with a long barrel; formerly used by infantrymen

what is muzzleloading?

 of firearms taking the projectile or cartridge through the muzzle

what is muzzle?

 forward projecting part of the head of certain animals; includes the jaws and nose 

what is jaws?

 holding device consisting of one or both of the opposing parts of a tool that close to hold an object 

what is opposing?

 in opposition to a policy or attitude etc.; "an opposing vote" 

what is policy?

 a line of argument rationalizing the course of action of a government; "they debated the policy or impolicy of the proposed legislation" 

what is proposed?

 planned for the future; "the first volume of a proposed series" 

what is future?

 coming at a subsequent time or stage; "the future president entered college at the age of "; "awaiting future actions on the bill"; "later developments"; "without ulterior argument" 

what is bill?

 the entertainment offered at a public presentation 

what is entertainment?

 a diversion that holds the attention 

what is attention?

 a courteous act indicating affection; "she tried to win his heart with her many attentions" 

what is courteous?

 exhibiting courtesy and politeness; "a nice gesture" 

what is nice?

 pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; "what a nice fellow you are and we all thought you so nasty" George Meredith; "nice manners"; "a nice dress"; "a nice face"; "a nice day"; "had a nice time at the party"; "the corn and tomatoes are nice today" 

what is corn?

 whiskey distilled from a mash of not less than percent corn 

what is mash?

 to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition; "crush an aluminum can"; "squeeze a lemon" 

what is lemon?

 a distinctive tart flavor characteristic of lemons 

what is distinctive?

 of a feature that helps to distinguish a person or thing; "Jerusalem has a distinctive Middle East flavor" Curtis Wilkie; "that is typical of you!" 

what is feature?

 a prominent aspect of something; "the map showed roads and other features"; "generosity is one of his best characteristics" 

what is prominent?

 having a quality that thrusts itself into attention; "an outstanding fact of our time is that nations poisoned by anti semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom"; "a new theory is the most prominent feature of the book"; "salient traits"; "a spectacular rise in prices"; "a striking thing about Picadilly Circus is the statue of Eros in the center"; "a striking resemblance between parent and child" 

what is striking?

 the physical coming together of two or more things; "contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull" 

what is pier?

 architecture a vertical supporting structure as a portion of wall between two doors or windows 

what is portion?

 your overall circumstances or condition in life including everything that happens to you; "whatever my fortune may be"; "deserved a better fate"; "has a happy lot"; "the luck of the Irish"; "a victim of circumstances"; "success that was her portion" 

what is luck?

 an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that leads to a favorable outcome; "it was my good luck to be there"; "they say luck is a lady"; "it was as if fortune guided his hand" 

what is lady?

 a woman of refinement; "a chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady" 

what is chauffeur?

 a man paid to drive a privately owned car v 

what is privately?

 by a private person or interest; "a privately financed campaign" 

what is private?

 an enlisted man of the lowest rank; "our prisoner was just a private and knew nothing of value" 

what is lowest?

 at the bottom; lowest or last; "the bottom price" 

what is bottom?

 a depression forming the ground under a body of water; "he searched for treasure on the ocean bed" 

what is depression?

 pushing down; "depression of the space bar on the typewriter"

what is typewriter?

 handoperated character printer for printing written messages one character at a time

what is time?

 a person's experience on a particular occasion; "he had a time holding back the tears"; "they had a good time together" 

what is tears?

 the process of shedding tears usually accompanied by sobs or other inarticulate sounds; "I hate to hear the crying of a child"; "she was in tears" 

what is crying?

 a slogan used to rally support for a cause; "a cry to arms"; "our watchword will be `democracy'" 

what is slogan?

 a favorite saying of a sect or political group 

what is sect?

 a subdivision of a larger religious group 

what is subdivision?

 a section of a section; a part of a part; i.e., a part of something already divided 

what is section?

 a distinct region or subdivision of a territorial or political area or community or group of people; "no section of the nation is more ardent than the South"; "there are three synagogues in the Jewish section" 

what is South?

 the region of the United States lying south of the MasonDixon Line 

what is United?

 involving the joint activity of two or more; "the attack was met by the combined strength of two divisions"; "concerted action"; "the conjunct influence of fire and strong dring"; "the conjunctive focus of political opposition"; "a cooperative effort"; "a united effort"; "joint military activities" 

what is conjunct?

 involving the joint activity of two or more; "the attack was met by the combined strength of two divisions"; "concerted action"; "the conjunct influence of fire and strong dring"; "the conjunctive focus of political opposition"; "a cooperative effort"; "a united effort"; "joint military activities" 

what is conjunctive?

 involving the joint activity of two or more; "the attack was met by the combined strength of two divisions"; "concerted action"; "the conjunct influence of fire and strong dring"; "the conjunctive focus of political opposition"; "a cooperative effort"; "a united effort"; "joint military activities" 

what is combined?

 involving the joint activity of two or more; "the attack was met by the combined strength of two divisions"; "concerted action"; "the conjunct influence of fire and strong dring"; "the conjunctive focus of political opposition"; "a cooperative effort"; "a united effort"; "joint military activities" 

what is united?

 involving the joint activity of two or more; "the attack was met by the combined strength of two divisions"; "concerted action"; "the conjunct influence of fire and strong dring"; "the conjunctive focus of political opposition"; "a cooperative effort"; "a united effort"; "joint military activities" 

what is attack?

 the onset of a corrosive or destructive process as by a chemical agent; "the film was sensitive to attack by acids"; "open to attack by the elements" 

what is corrosive?

 a substance having the tendency to cause corrosion such a strong acids or alkali

what is tendency?

 a general direction in which something tends to move; "the shoreward tendency of the current"; "the trend of the stock market" 

what is trend?

 the popular taste at a given time; "leather is the latest vogue"; "he followed current trends"; "the s had a style of their own" 

what is popular?

 representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of the people at large; "democratic art forms"; "a democratic or popular movement"; "popular thought"; "popular science"; "popular fiction" 

what is democratic?

 belong to or relating to the Democratic Party; "Democratic senator" 

what is Democratic?

 representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of the people at large; "democratic art forms"; "a democratic or popular movement"; "popular thought"; "popular science"; "popular fiction" 

what is benefit?

 a performance to raise money for a charitable cause v 

what is charitable?

 showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity; "was charitable in his opinions of others"; "kindly criticism"; "a kindly act"; "sympathetic words"; "a largehearted mentor" 

what is largehearted?

 showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity; "was charitable in his opinions of others"; "kindly criticism"; "a kindly act"; "sympathetic words"; "a largehearted mentor" 

what is kindly?

 in a kind manner or out of kindness; "He spoke kindly to the boy"; "she kindly overlooked the mistake" 

what is mistake?

 an understanding of something that is not correct; "he wasn't going to admit his mistake"; "make no mistake about his intentions"; "there must be some misunderstandingI don't have a sister" 

what is sister?

 a female person who is a fellow member of a sorority or labor union or other group; "none of her sisters would betray her" 

what is sorority?

 a social club for female undergraduates

what is social?

 living together or enjoying life in communities or organized groups; "human beings are social animals"; "spent a relaxed social evening"; "immature social behavior" 

what is relaxed?

 without strain or anxiety; "gave the impression of being quite relaxed"; "a relaxed and informal discussion" 

what is impression?

 a clear and telling mental image; "he described his mental picture of his assailant"; "he had no clear picture of himself or his world"; "the events left a permanent impression in his mind" 

what is permanent?

 a series of waves in the hair made by applying heat and chemicals 

what is hair?

 any of the cylindrical filaments characteristically growing from the epidermis of a mammal; "there is a hair in my soup" 

what is epidermis?

 the outer layer of the skin covering the exterior body surface of vertebrates 

what is exterior?

 situated in or suitable for the outdoors or outside of a building; "an exterior scene"; "exterior grade plywood"; "exterior paints" 

what is outdoors?

 where the air is unconfined; "he wanted to get outdoors a little"; "the concert was held in the open air"; "camping in the open" 

what is concert?

 a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging v 

what is performance?

 a dramatic or musical entertainment; "they listened to ten different performances"; "the play ran for performances"; "the frequent performances of the symphony testify to its popularity" 

what is frequent?

 frequently encountered; "a frequent or common error is using the transitive verb `lay' for the intransitive `lie'"; v 

what is transitive?

 designating a verb that requires a direct object to complete the meaning 

what is direct?

 aim or direct at; as of blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment; "Please don't aim at your little brother!"; "He trained his gun on the burglar"; "Don't train your camera on the women"; "Take a swipe at one's opponent" 

what is swipe?

 a sweeping stroke or blow v 

what is sweeping?

 the act of cleaning with a broom

what is broom?

 a cleaning implement for sweeping; bundle of straws or twigs attached to a long handle 

what is cleaning?

 the act of making something clean; "he gave his shoes a good cleaning" 

what is good?

 promoting or enhancing wellbeing; "an arms limitation agreement beneficial to all countries"; "the beneficial effects of a temperate climate"; "the experience was good for her" 

what is beneficial?

 tending to promote physical wellbeing; beneficial to health; "beneficial effects of a balanced diet"; "a good night's sleep"; "the salutary influence of pure air" 

what is salutary?

 tending to promote physical wellbeing; beneficial to health; "beneficial effects of a balanced diet"; "a good night's sleep"; "the salutary influence of pure air" 

what is balanced?

 being in a state of proper balance or equilibrium; "the carefully balanced seesaw"; "a properly balanced symphony orchestra"; "a balanced assessment of intellectual and cultural history"; "a balanced blend of whiskeys"; "the educated man shows a balanced development of all his powers" 

what is carefully?

 with caution or prudence or tact; "she ventured cautiously downstairs"; "they handled the incident with kid gloves" 

what is incident?

 sometimes followed by `to' minor or casual or subordinate in significance or nature or occurring as a chance concomitant or consequence; "incidental expenses"; "the road will bring other incidental advantages"; "extra duties incidental to the job"; "labor problems incidental to a rapid expansion"; "confusion incidental to a quick change" 

what is rapid?

 characterized by speed; moving with or capable of moving with high speed; "a rapid movment"; "a speedy car"; "a speedy errand boy" 

what is speedy?

 accomplished rapidly and without delay; "was quick to make friends"; "his quick reaction prevented an accident"; "hoped for a speedy resolution of the problem"; "a speedy recovery"; "he has a right to a speedy trial" 

what is problem?

 a question raised for consideration or solution; "our homework consisted of ten problems to solve"

what is question?

 pose a series of questions to; "The suspect was questioned by the police"; "We questioned the survivor about the details of the explosion" 

what is survivor?

 an animal that survives in spite of adversity; "only the fittest animals were survivors of the cold winters"

what is fittest?

 a sudden uncontrollable attack; "a paroxysm of giggling"; "a fit of coughing"; "convulsions of laughter" 

what is paroxysm?

 a sudden uncontrollable attack; "a paroxysm of giggling"; "a fit of coughing"; "convulsions of laughter" 

what is sudden?

 happening without warning or in a short space of time; "a sudden storm"; "a sudden decision"; "a sudden cure" 

what is short?

 less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so; "a light pound"; "a scant cup of sugar"; "regularly gives short weight" 

what is scant?

 supply sparingly and with restricted quantities; "sting with the allowance" 

what is allowance?

 a permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits 

what is permissible?

 that may be accepted or conceded; "a kind of speculation that was permissible in cosmology but inadmissible in medicine"

what is kind?

 showing consideration and anticipation of needs; "it was thoughtful of you to bring flowers"; "a neighbor showed thoughtful attention" 

what is neighbor?

 live or be located as a neighbor; "the neighboring house" 

what is neighboring?

 having a common boundary or edge; touching; "abutting lots"; "adjoining rooms"; "Rhode Island has two bordering states; Massachusetts and Conncecticut"; "the side of Germany conterminous with France"; "Utah and the contiguous state of Idaho"; "neighboring cities" 

what is contiguous?

 connecting without a break; within a common boundary; "the conterminous states"; "the contiguous states" 

what is conterminous?

 connecting without a break; within a common boundary; "the conterminous states"; "the contiguous states" 

what is break?

 an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity; "it was presented without commercial breaks" 

what is continuity?

 a detailed script used in making a film in order to avoid discontinuities from shot to shot 

what is detailed?

 developed or executed with care and in minute detail; "a detailed plan"; "the elaborate register of the inhabitants prevented tax evasion" John Buchan; "the carefully elaborated theme" 

what is elaborate?

 make more complex, intricate, or richer; "refine a design or pattern" 

what is design?

 the act of working out the form of something as by making a sketch or outline or plan; "he contributed to the design of a new instrument" 

what is sketch?

 describe roughly or briefly or give the main points or summary of; "sketch the outline of the book"; "outline his ideas" 

what is main?

 most important element; "the chief aim of living"; "the main doors were of solid glass"; "the principal rivers of America"; "the principal example"; "policemen were primary targets" 

what is chief?

 a person who exercises control over workers; "if you want to leave early you have to ask the foreman" 

what is foreman?

 a man who is foreperson of a jury

what is jury?

 a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law 

what is evidence?

 provide evidence for; "The blood test showed that he was the father"; "Her behavior testified to her incompetence" 

what is father?

 the founder of a family; "keep the faith of our forefathers" 

what is founder?

 inflammation of the laminated tissue that attaches the hoof to the foot of a horse 

what is hoof?

 the horny covering of the end of the foot in hoofed mammals v 

what is horny?

 made of horn or of a substance resembling horn 

what is substance?

 the stuff of which an object consists 

what is stuff?

 a critically important or characteristic component; "suspense is the very stuff of narrative" v 

what is critically?

 in a critical manner; "this must be examined critically" 

what is critical?

 forming or having the nature of a turning point or crisis; "a critical point in the campaign"; "the critical test" 

what is campaign?

 a race between candidates for elective office; "I managed his campaign for governor"; "he is raising money for a Senate run" 

what is Senate?

 the upper house of the United States Congress 

what is upper?

 the topmost one of two 

what is topmost?

 at or nearest to the top; "the uppermost book in the pile"; "on the topmost step" 

what is uppermost?

 in or into the highest position; "the blade turned uppermost"

what is blade?

 especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from the petiole 

what is petiole?

 the slender stem that supports the blade of a leaf 

what is slender?

 being of delicate or slender build; "she was slender as a willow shoot is slender" Frank Norris; "a slim girl with straight blonde hair"; "watched her slight figure cross the street" 

what is willow?

 a textile machine having a system of revolving spikes for opening and cleaning raw textile fibers

what is textile?

 artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers; "the fabric in the curtains was light and semitraqnsparent"; "woven cloth originated in Mesopotamia around BC"; "she measured off enough material for a dress" 

what is dress?

 put a dressing on; "dress the salads" 

what is dressing?

 either the thin French or vinaigrette type or the creamy mayonnaise type 

what is creamy?

 of the color of cream; "creamy translucent pebbles" 

what is color?

 an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading; "he hoped his claims would have a semblance of authenticity"; "he tried to give his falsehood the gloss of moral sanction"; "the situation soon took on a different color" 

what is semblance?

 an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading; "he hoped his claims would have a semblance of authenticity"; "he tried to give his falsehood the gloss of moral sanction"; "the situation soon took on a different color" 

what is gloss?

 give a shine or gloss to, usually by rubbing 

what is shine?

 show a strong bright color, such as red or pink; "Her face glowed when she came out of the sauna" 

what is sauna?

 a Finnish steam bath; steam is produced by pouring water over heated rocks 

what is Finnish?

 the official language of Finland; belongs to the Baltic Finnic family of languages 

what is Baltic?

 a sea in northern Europe; stronghold of the Russian navy 

what is Russian?

 the Slavic language that is the official language of Russia

what is official?

 someone who administers the rules of a game or sport; "the golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling"

what is ruling?

 the reason for a court's judgment as opposed to the decision itself 

what is reason?

 a rational motive for a belief or action; "the reason that war was declared"; "the grounds for their declaration" 

what is grounds?

 a tract of land cleared for some special purposes recreation or burial etc. 

what is tract?

 a brief treatise on a subject of interest; published in the form of a booklet 

what is booklet?

 a small book usually having a paper cover 

what is paper?

 a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from wood or rags or certain grasses 

what is material?

 the tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object; "coal is a hard black material"; "wheat is the stuff they use to make bread" 

what is makeup?

 form or compose; "This money is my only income"; "The stone wall was the backdrop for the performance"; "These constitute my entire belonging"; "The children made up the chorus"; "This sum represents my entire income for a year"; "These few men comprise his entire army" 

what is chorus?

 the part of a song where a soloist is joined by a group of singers 

what is soloist?

 a musician who performs a solo

what is solo?

 fly alone, without a copilot or passengers 

what is copilot?

 a relief pilot on an airplane

what is relief?

 aid for the aged or indigent or handicapped; "he has been on relief for many years" 

what is aged?

 used of tobacco aging as a preservative process `aged' is pronounced as one syllable 

what is preservative?

 a chemical compound that is added to protect against decay or decomposition

what is chemical?

 produced by or used in a reaction involving changes in atoms or molecules

what is reaction?

 chemistry a process in which one or more substances are changed into others; "there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water" 

what is lime?

 a caustic substance produced by heating limestone 

what is caustic?

 harsh or corrosive in tone; "an acerbic tone piercing otherwise flowery prose"; "a barrage of acid comments"; "her acrid remarks make her many enemies"; "bitter words"; "blistering criticism"; "caustic jokes about political assassination, talkshow hosts and medical ethics"; "a sulfurous denunciation" 

what is barrage?

 the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target; "they laid down a barrage in front of the advancing troops"; "the shelling went on for hours without pausing" 

what is advancing?

 moving ahead or toward the front; "advancing armies" 

what is front?

 a sphere of activity involving effort; "the Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front"; "they advertise on many different fronts" 

what is diplomatic?

 able to take a broad view of negotiations between states 

what is broad?

 broad in scope or content; "acrosstheboard pay increases"; "an allembracing definition"; "blanket sanctions against humanrights violators"; "an invention with broad applications"; "a panoptic study of Soviet nationality" T.G.Winner; "granted him wide powers" 

what is panoptic?

 including everything visible in one view; "a panoptic aerial photograph of the missile base"; "a panoptic stain used in microscopy" 

what is missile?

 rocket carrying passengers or instruments or a warhead 

what is warhead?

 the front part of a guided missile or rocket or torpedo that carries the nuclear or explosive charge or the chemical or biological agents 

what is nuclear?

 constituting or like a nucleus; "annexation of the suburban fringe by the nuclear metropolis"; "the nuclear core of the congregation"

what is congregation?

 a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church 

what is given?

 acknowledged as a supposition; "given the engine's condition, it is a wonder that it started" 

what is supposition?

 a hypothesis that is taken for granted; "any society is built upon certain assumptions" 

what is hypothesis?

 a tentative theory about the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena; "a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory"; "he proposed a fresh theory of alkalis that later was accepted in chemical practices" 

what is fresh?

 improperly forward or bold; "don't be fresh with me"; "impertinent of a child to lecture a grownup"; "an impudent boy given to insulting strangers" 

what is grownup?

 of animals fully developed; "an adult animal"; "a grown woman" 

what is grown?

 grow emotionally or mature; "The child developed beautifully in her new kindergarten"; "When he spent a summer at camp, the boy grew noticeably and no longer showed some of his old adolescent behavior" 

what is summer?

 the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice to the autumnal equinox; "they spent a lazy summer at the shore" 

what is autumnal?

 characteristic of late maturity verging on decline; "a serene autumnal mood"

what is serene?

 characterized by absence of emotional agitation; "calm acceptance of the inevitable"; "remained serene in the midst of turbulence"; "a serene expression on her face"; "she became more tranquil"; "tranquil life in the country" 

what is midst?

 the location of something surrounded by other things; "in the midst of the crowd" 

what is location?

 a determination of the location of something; "he got a good fix on the target" 

what is target?

 the goal intended to be attained and which is believed to be attainable; "the sole object of her trip was to see her children" 

what is sole?

 the underside of footwear or a golfclub 

what is golfclub?

 golf equipment used by a golfer to hit a golf ball 

what is golf?

 a game played on a large open course with or holes; the object is use as few strokes as possible in playing all the holes 

what is object?

 a tangible and visible entity; an entity that can cast a shadow; "it was full of rackets, balls and other objects" 

what is tangible?

 capable of being perceived by the senses or the mind; especially capable of being handled or touched or felt; "a barely palpable dust"; "felt sudden anger in a palpable wave"; "the air was warm and closepalpable as cotton" 

what is barely?

 in a sparse or scanty way; "a barely furnished room" 

what is sparse?

 not dense; "a thin beard"; "trees were sparse" 

what is thin?

 lacking excess flesh; "you can't be too rich or too thin"; "Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look"Shakespeare 

what is lean?

 to incline or bend from a vertical position; "She leaned over the banister" 

what is banister?

 a railing at the side of a staircase or balcony to prevent people from falling 

what is railing?

 a barrier consisting of a horizontal bar and supports 

what is barrier?

 a structure or object that impedes free movement 

what is structure?

 the manner of construction of something and the arrangement of its parts; "artists must study the structure of the human body"; "the structure of the benzene molecule" 

what is benzene?

 a colorless liquid hydrocarbon; highly inflammable; carcinogenic; the simplest of the aromatic compounds 

what is aromatic?

 having a strong distinctive fragrance; "the pine woods were more redolent" Jean Stafford 

what is strong?

 able to withstand attack; "an impregnable fortress"; "fortifications that made the frontier inviolable" 

what is frontier?

 a wilderness at the edge of a settled area of a country; "the individualism of the frontier in Andrew Jackson's day" 

what is wilderness?

 a wild and uninhabited area 

what is wild?

 located in a dismal or remote area; desolate; "a desert island"; "a godforsaken wilderness crossroads"; "a wild stretch of land"; "waste places" 

what is godforsaken?

 located in a dismal or remote area; desolate; "a desert island"; "a godforsaken wilderness crossroads"; "a wild stretch of land"; "waste places" 

what is dismal?

 depressing in character or appearance; "drove through dingy streets"; "the dismal prison twilight" Charles Dickens; "drab old buildings"; "a dreary mining town"; "gloomy tenements"; "sorry routine that follows on the heels of death" B.A.Williams 

what is dreary?

 lacking in liveliness or charm or surprise; "her drab personality"; "life was drab compared with the more exciting life style overseas"; "a series of dreary dinner parties" 

what is more?

 English statesman who opposed Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon and was imprisoned and beheaded; recalled for his concept of Utopia, the ideal state 

what is ideal?

 of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of the reality of ideas 

what is philosophical?

 characterized by the attitude of a philosopher; meeting trouble with levelheaded detachment; "philosophical resignation"; "a philosophic attitude toward life" 

what is philosopher?

 a wise person who is calm and rational; someone who lives a life of reason with equanimity

what is wise?

 marked by the exercise of good judgment or common sense in practical matters; "judicious use of one's money"; "a sensible manager"; "a wise decision" 

what is sensible?

 aware intuitively or intellectually of something sensed; "made sensible of his mistakes"; "I am sensible that the mention of such a circumstance may appear trifling" Henry Hallam; "sensible that a good deal more is still to be done" Edmund Burke 

what is mention?

 a remark that calls attention to something or someone; "she made frequent mention of her promotion"; "there was no mention of it"; "the speaker made several references to his wife" 

what is remark?

 make or write a comment on; "he commented the paper of his colleague" 

what is comment?

 a report often malicious about the behavior of other people; "the divorce caused much gossip" 

what is behavior?

 psychology the aggregate of the responses or reactions or movements made by an organism in any situation 

what is aggregate?

 gathered or tending to gather into a mass or whole; "aggregate expenses include expenses of all divisions combined for the entire year"; "the aggregated amount of indebtedness" 

what is aggregated?

 gathered or tending to gather into a mass or whole; "aggregate expenses include expenses of all divisions combined for the entire year"; "the aggregated amount of indebtedness" 

what is mass?

 a musical setting for a Mass; "they played a Mass composed by Beethoven" 

what is Mass?

 Roman Catholic Church and Protestant Churches the celebration of the Eucharist 

what is Eucharist?

 a Christian sacrament commemorating the Last Supper by consecrating bread and wine 

what is Last?

 the item at the end; "last, I'll discuss family values" 

what is item?

 a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list; "he noticed an item in the New York Times"; "she had several items on her shopping list"; "the main point on the agenda was taken up first" 

what is agenda?

 a list of matters to be taken up as at a meeting 

what is list?

 the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical; "the tower had a pronounced tilt"; "the ship developed a list to starboard"; "he walked with a heavy inclination to the right" 

what is pronounced?

 strongly marked; easily noticeable; "walked with a marked limp"; "a pronounced flavor of cinnamon" 

what is marked?

 singled out for notice or especially for a dire fate; "a marked man" 

what is dire?

 fraught with extreme danger; nearly hopeless; "a desperate illness"; "on all fronts the Allies were in a desperate situation due to lack of materiel" G.C.Marshall; "a dire emergency" 

what is Allies?

 the alliance of nations that fought the Axis in World War II and which with subsequent additions signed the charter of the United Nations in 

what is alliance?

 a connection based on kinship or marriage or common interest; "the shifting alliances within a large family"; "their friendship constitutes a powerful bond between them" 

what is shifting?

 the act of moving from one place to another; "his constant shifting disrupted the class" 

what is class?

 people having the same social or economic status; "the working class"; "an emerging professional class" 

what is working?

 of e.g. a machine performing or capable of performing; "in running or working order"; "a functional set of brakes" 

what is functional?

 fit or ready for use or service; "the toaster was still functional even after being dropped"; "the lawnmower is a bit rusty but still usable"; "an operational aircraft"; "the dishwasher is now in working order" 

what is toaster?

 someone who proposes a toast; someone who drinks to the health of success of someone or some venture 

what is toast?

 a celebrity who receives much accalim and attention; "he was the toast of the town" 

what is celebrity?

 a widely known person; "he was a baseball celebrity" 

what is widely?

 to a great degree; "her work is widely known" 

what is great?

 of major significance or importance; "a great work of art"; "Einstein was one of the outstanding figures of the th century" 

what is outstanding?

 having a quality that thrusts itself into attention; "an outstanding fact of our time is that nations poisoned by anti semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom"; "a new theory is the most prominent feature of the book"; "salient traits"; "a spectacular rise in prices"; "a striking thing about Picadilly Circus is the statue of Eros in the center"; "a striking resemblance between parent and child" 

what is spectacular?

 a lavishly produced performance; "they put on a Christmas spectacular"

what is lavishly?

 in a wasteful manner; "the United States, up to the s, used fuel lavishly, mainly because it was so cheap" 

what is wasteful?

 inefficient in use of time and effort and materials; "a clumsy and wasteful process"; "wasteful duplication of effort"; "uneconomical ebb and flow of power" 

what is clumsy?

 lacking grace in movement or posture; "a gawky lad with long ungainly legs"; "clumsy fingers"; "what an ungainly creature a giraffe is"; "heaved his unwieldy figure out of his chair" 

what is gawky?

 lacking grace in movement or posture; "a gawky lad with long ungainly legs"; "clumsy fingers"; "what an ungainly creature a giraffe is"; "heaved his unwieldy figure out of his chair" 

what is giraffe?

 tallest living quadruped; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs; of savannahs of tropical Africa 

what is spotted?

 a blemish made by dirt; "he had a smudge on his cheek" 

what is blemish?

 a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something especially on a person's body; "a facial blemish" 

what is facial?

 of or pertaining to the outside surface of an object n 

what is outside?

 very unlikely; "an outside chance"; "a remote possibility"; "a remote contingency" 

what is remote?

 far distant in time; "distant events"; "the remote past or future"; "a civilization ten centuries removed from modern times" 

what is civilization?

 a society in an advanced state of social development e.g., with complex legal and political and religious organizations; "the people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization" 

what is society?

 a formal association of people with similar interests; "he joined a golf club"; "they formed a small lunch society"; "men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today" 

what is fraternal?

 like or characteristic of or befitting a brother; "brotherly feelings"; "close fraternal ties" 

what is brother?

 Roman Catholic Church a title given to a monk and used as form of address; "a Benedictine Brother" [also

what is Benedictine?

 a monk or nun belonging to the order founded by Saint Benedict 

what is monk?

 a male religious living in a cloister and devoting himself to contemplation and prayer and work 

what is cloister?

 a courtyard with covered walks as in religious institutions v 

what is courtyard?

 a yard wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings; "the house was built around an inner court" 

what is house?

 the audience gathered together in a theatre or cinema; "the house applauded"; "he counted the house" 

what is theatre?

 a region in which active military operations are in progress; "the army was in the field awaiting action"; "he served in the Vietnam theater for three years" 

what is field?

 play as a fielder 

what is fielder?

 a member of the baseball team that is in the field instead of at bat 

what is baseball?

 a ball game played with a bat and ball between two teams of players; teams take turns at bat trying to score run; "he played baseball in high school"; "there was a baseball game on every empy lot"; "there was a desire for National League ball in the area"; "play ball!" 

what is area?

 a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve; "in the abdominal region" 

what is abdominal?

 of or relating to or near the abdomen; "abdominal muscles" n 

what is abdomen?

 the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis 

what is thorax?

 part of an insect's body that bears the wings and legs [also

what is wings?

 a means of flight or ascent; "necessity lends wings to inspiration" 

what is means?

 how a result is obtained or an end is achieved; "a means of control"; "an example is the best agency of instruction"; "the true way to success" 

what is true?

 conforming to definitive criteria; "the horseshoe crab is not a true crab"; "Pythagoras was the first true mathematician" 

what is horseshoe?

 equip a horse with a horseshoe or horseshoes

what is horse?

 a padded gymnastic apparatus on legs 

what is padded?

 walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud; "Mules plodded in a circle around a grindstone" 

what is grindstone?

 a revolving stone shaped like a disk; used to grind or sharpen or polish edge tools

what is disk?

 draw a harrow over land 

what is harrow?

 a cultivator that pulverizes or smoothes the soil v 

what is cultivator?

 a farm implement used to break up the surface of the soil for aeration and weed control and conservation of moisture 

what is farm?

 be a farmer; work as a farmer; "My son is farming in California" 

what is farmer?

 United States civil rights leader who in founded the Congress of Racial Equality born in 

what is Congress?

 a national legislative assembly 

what is national?

 limited to or in the interests of a particular nation; "national interests"; "isolationism is a strictly national policy" 

what is strictly?

 in a stringent manner; "the laws are stringently enforced"; "stringently controlled" 

what is laws?

 the first of three divisions of the Hebrew Scriptures comprising the first five books of the Hebrew Bible considered as a unit 

what is Hebrew?

 of or relating to or characteristic of the Hebrews; "the old Hebrew prophets" 

what is Hebrews?

 the ethnic group claiming descent from Abraham and Isaac especially from Isaac's son Jacob; the nation whom God chose to receive his revelation and with whom God chose to make a covenant Exodus 

what is ethnic?

 denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways of living built up by a group of people; "influenced by ethnic and cultural ties" J.F.Kennedy; "ethnic food" 

what is ways?

 n is between and infinity; "They split the loot four ways" 

what is loot?

 steal goods; take as spoils; "During the earthquake people looted the stores that were deserted by their owners" 

what is earthquake?

 shaking and vibration at the surface of the earth resulting from underground movement along a fault plane of from volcanic activity 

what is fault?

 sports a serve that is illegal e.g., that lands outside the prescribed area; "he served too many double faults" 

what is serve?

 work for or be a servant to; "May I serve you?"; "She attends the old lady in the wheelchair"; "Can you wait on our table, please?"; "Is a salesperson assisting you?"; "The minister served the King for many years" 

what is wheelchair?

 a movable chair mounted on large wheels; for invalids or those who cannot walk; frequently propelled by the occupant

what is occupant?

 someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was born there 

what is prolonged?

 drawn out or made longer spatially; "Picasso's elongated Don Quixote"; "lengthened skirts are fashionable this year"; "the extended airport runways can accommodate larger planes"; "a prolonged black line across the page" 

what is extended?

 beyond the literal or primary sense; "`hot off the press' shows an extended sense of `hot'" 

what is press?

 the act of pressing; the exertion of pressure; "he gave the button a press"; "he used pressure to stop the bleeding"; "at the pressing of a button" 

what is bleeding?

 flow of blood from a ruptured blood vessels 

what is ruptured?

 suddenly and violently broken open especially from internal pressure `busted' is an informal term for `burst'; "a burst balloon"; "burst pipes"; "burst seams"; "a ruptured appendix"; "a busted balloon" 

what is busted?

 suddenly and violently broken open especially from internal pressure `busted' is an informal term for `burst'; "a burst balloon"; "burst pipes"; "burst seams"; "a ruptured appendix"; "a busted balloon" 

what is burst?

 move suddenly, energetically, or violently; "He burst out of the house into the cool night" 

what is cool?

 marked by calm selfcontrol especially in trying circumstances; unemotional; "play it cool"; "keep cool"; "stayed coolheaded in the crisis"; "the most nerveless winner in the history of the tournament" 

what is tournament?

 a sporting competition in which contestants play a series of games to decide the winner 

what is sporting?

 preoccupied with the pursuit of pleasure and especially games of chance; "led a dissipated life"; "a betting man"; "a cardplaying son of a bitch"; "a gambling fool"; "sporting gents and their ladies" 

what is dissipated?

 preoccupied with the pursuit of pleasure and especially games of chance; "led a dissipated life"; "a betting man"; "a cardplaying son of a bitch"; "a gambling fool"; "sporting gents and their ladies" 

what is betting?

 the money risked on a gamble 

what is gamble?

 a risky act or venture v 

what is risky?

 involving risk or danger; "skydiving is a hazardous sport"; "extremely risky going out in the tide and fog"; "a venturesome journey in wintertime"; "a venturous enterprise" 

what is hazardous?

 involving risk or danger; "skydiving is a hazardous sport"; "extremely risky going out in the tide and fog"; "a venturesome journey in wintertime"; "a venturous enterprise" 

what is venturesome?

 involving risk or danger; "skydiving is a hazardous sport"; "extremely risky going out in the tide and fog"; "a venturesome journey in wintertime"; "a venturous enterprise" 

what is venturous?

 involving risk or danger; "skydiving is a hazardous sport"; "extremely risky going out in the tide and fog"; "a venturesome journey in wintertime"; "a venturous enterprise" 

what is tide?

 something that may increase or decrease like the tides of the sea; "a rising tide of popular interest" 

what is rising?

 organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another 

what is conflict?

 an open clash between two opposing groups or individuals; "the harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph"Thomas Paine; "police tried to control the battle between the pro and antiabortion mobs" 

what is harder?

 very strong or vigorous; "strong winds"; "a hard left to the chin"; "a knockout punch"; "a severe blow" 

what is knockout?

 knock unconscious or senseless; "the boxing champion knocked out his opponent in a few seconds" 

what is boxing?

 the enclosure of something in a package or box 

what is enclosure?

 a naturally enclosed space 

what is naturally?

 as might be expected; "naturally, the lawyer sent us a huge bill" 

what is huge?

 unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope; "huge government spending"; "huge country estates"; "huge popular demand for higher education"; "a huge wave"; "the Los Angeles aqueduct winds like an immense snake along the base of the mountains"; "immense numbers of birds"; "at vast or immense expense"; "the vast reaches of outer space"; "the vast accumulation of knowledge...which we call civilization" W.R.Inge 

what is vast?

 unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope; "huge government spending"; "huge country estates"; "huge popular demand for higher education"; "a huge wave"; "the Los Angeles aqueduct winds like an immense snake along the base of the mountains"; "immense numbers of birds"; "at vast or immense expense"; "the vast reaches of outer space"; "the vast accumulation of knowledge...which we call civilization" W.R.Inge 

what is base?

 electronics the part of a transistor that separates the emitter from the collector v 

what is emitter?

 the electrode in a transistor where electrons originate

what is electrode?

 a conductor used to make electrical contact with some part of a circuit

what is conductor?

 a device designed to transmit electricity, heat, etc. 

what is device?

 any clever deceptive maneuver; "he would stoop to any device to win a point" 

what is point?

 a promontory extending out into a large body of water; "they sailed south around the point" 

what is promontory?

 a natural elevation especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea 

what is rocky?

 full of hardship or trials; "the rocky road to success"; "they were having a rough time" 

what is rough?

 the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut short adv 

what is fairway?

 the usual course taken by vessels through a harbor or costal waters 

what is harbor?

 hold back a thought or feeling about; "She is harboring a grudge against him" 

what is thought?

 recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection; "I can't remember saying any such thing"; "I can't think what her last name was"; "can you remember her phone number?"; "Do you remember that he once loved you?"; "call up memories" 

what is recollection?

 the process of remembering especially the process of recovering information by mental effort; "he has total recall of the episode" 

what is episode?

 a part of a broadcast serial 

what is broadcast?

 cause to become widely known; "spread information"; "circulate a rumor"; "broadcast the news" 

what is rumor?

 gossip usually a mixture of truth and untruth passed around by word of mouth 

what is mixture?

 the act of mixing together; "paste made by a mix of flour and water"; "the mixing of sound channels in the recording studio" 

what is mixing?

 the act of mixing together; "paste made by a mix of flour and water"; "the mixing of sound channels in the recording studio" 

what is recording?

 the act of making a record especially an audio record; "she watched the recording from a soundproof booth" 

what is record?

 an extreme attainment; the best or worst performance ever attested as in a sport; "he tied the Olympic record"; "coffee production last year broke all previous records"; "Chicago set the homicide record" 

what is homicide?

 the killing of a human being by another human being

what is killing?

 the act of terminating a life 

what is life?

 a motive for living; "pottery was his life" 

what is motive?

 a theme that is elaborated on in a piece of music 

what is theme?

 a unifying idea that is a recurrent element in a literary or artistic work; "it was the usual `boy gets girl' theme" 

what is unifying?

 combining into a single unit 

what is single?

 individual and distinct; "pegged down each separate branch to the earth"; "a gift for every single child" 

what is gift?

 give as a present; make a gift of; "What will you give her for her birthday?" 

what is present?

 give, especially as a reward; "bestow honors and prizes at graduation" 

what is reward?

 a recompense for worthy acts or retribution for wrongdoing; "the wages of sin is death"; "virtue is its own reward" 

what is recompense?

 make amends for; pay compensation for; "One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich"; "She was compensated for the loss of her arm in the accident" 

what is suffering?

 psychological suffering; "the death of his wife caused him great distress" 

what is death?

 the permanent end of all life functions in an organism or part of an organism; "the animal died a painful death" 

what is animal?

 of the appetites and passions of the body; "animal instincts"; "carnal knowledge"; "fleshly desire"; "a sensual delight in eating"; "music is the only sensual pleasure without vice" 

what is sensual?

 sexually exciting or gratifying; "sensual excesses"; "a sultry look"; "a sultry dance" 

what is sultry?

 burning hot; extremely and unpleasantly hot; "the torrid noonday sun"; "sultry sands of the dessert" 

what is dessert?

 a dish served as the last course of a meal 

what is meal?

 the food served and eaten at one time 

what is food?

 any solid substance as opposed to liquid that is used as a source of nourishment; "food and drink" 

what is source?

 the place where something begins, where it springs into being; "the Italian beginning of the Renaissance"; "Jupiter was the origin of the radiation"; "Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River"; "communism's Russian root" 

what is radiation?

 a radial arrangement of nerve fibers connecting different parts of the brain 

what is radial?

 relating to or near the radius; "the radial aspect of the forearm" 

what is forearm?

 the part of the superior limb between the elbow and the wrist v 

what is elbow?

 hinge joint between the forearm and upper arm and the corresponding joint in the forelimb of a quadruped 

what is corresponding?

 conforming in every respect; "boxes with corresponding dimensions"; "the like period of the preceding year" 

what is preceding?

 of a person who has held and relinquished a position or office; "a retiring member of the board" 

what is board?

 electrical device consisting of an insulated panel containing switches and dials and meters for controlling other electrical devices; "he checked the instrument panel"; "suddenly the board lit up like a Christmas tree" 

what is Christmas?

 a Christian holiday celebrating the birth of Christ; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland 

what is birth?

 the kinship relation of an offspring to the parents 

what is kinship?

 a close connection marked by community of interests or similarity in nature or character; "found a natural affinity with the immigrants"; "felt a deep kinship with the other students"; "anthropology's kinship with the humanities" 

what is humanities?

 studies intended to provide general knowledge and intellectual skills rather than occupational or professional skills; "the college of arts and sciences" 

what is college?

 a complex of buildings in which a college is housed

what is complex?

 a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts; "the complex of shopping malls, houses, and roads created a new town" 

what is conceptual?

 being or characterized by concepts or their formation; "conceptual discussions"; "the schizophrenic loses ability to abstract or do conceptual thinking"

what is schizophrenic?

 suffering from a form of schizophrenia characterized by foolish mannerisms and senseless laughter along with delusions and regressive behavior 

what is form?

 the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something; "the inflected forms of a word can be represented by a stem and a list of inflections to be attached" 

what is inflected?

 of the voice altered in tone or pitch; "his southern Yorkshire voice was less inflected and singing than her northern one" 

what is voice?

 the sound made by the vibration of vocal folds modified by the resonance of the vocal tract; "a singer takes good care of his voice"; "the giraffe cannot make any vocalizations" 

what is resonance?

 a vibration of large amplitude produced by a relatively small vibration near the same frequency of vibration as the natural frequency of the resonating system 

what is vibration?

 a shaky motion; "the shaking of his fingers as he lit his pipe" 

what is shaking?

 a shaky motion; "the shaking of his fingers as he lit his pipe" 

what is shaky?

 inclined to shake as from weakness or defect; "a rickety table"; "a wobbly chair with shaky legs"; "the ladder felt a little wobbly"; "the bridge still stands though one of the arches is wonky" 

what is rickety?

 inclined to shake as from weakness or defect; "a rickety table"; "a wobbly chair with shaky legs"; "the ladder felt a little wobbly"; "the bridge still stands though one of the arches is wonky" 

what is wobbly?

 inclined to shake as from weakness or defect; "a rickety table"; "a wobbly chair with shaky legs"; "the ladder felt a little wobbly"; "the bridge still stands though one of the arches is wonky" 

what is ladder?

 ascending stages by which somebody or something can progress; "he climbed the career ladder" 

what is career?

 the general progression of your working or professional life; "the general had had a distinguished career"; "he had a long career in the law" 

what is distinguished?

 used of a person's appearance or behavior; befitting an eminent person; "his distinguished bearing"; "the monarch's imposing presence"; "she reigned in magisterial beauty" 

what is monarch?

 large migratory American butterfly having deep orange wings with black and white markings; the larvae feed on milkweed 

what is larvae?

 the immature freeliving form of most invertebrates and amphibians and fish which at hatching from the egg is fundamentally unlike its parent and must metamorphose [also

what is immature?

 characteristic of a lack of maturity; "immature behavior" 

what is lack?

 the state of needing something that is absent or unavailable; "there is a serious lack of insight into the problem"; "water is the critical deficiency in desert regions"; "for want of a nail the shoe was lost" 

what is nail?

 locate exactly; "can you pinpoint the position of the enemy?"; "The chemists could not nail the identity of the chromosome" 

what is chromosome?

 a threadlike body in the cell nucleus that carries the genes in a linear order

what is threadlike?

 thin in diameter; resembling a thread 

what is thread?

 the connections that link the various parts of an event or argument together; "I couldn't follow his train of thought"; "he lost the thread of his argument" 

what is various?

 distinctly dissimilar or unlike; "diverse parts of the country"; "celebrities as diverse as Bob Hope and Bob Dylan"; "animals as various as the jaguar and the cavy and the sloth" 

what is jaguar?

 a large spotted feline of tropical America similar to the leopard; in some classifications considered a member of the genus Felis 

what is leopard?

 the pelt of a leopard 

what is pelt?

 the dressed hairy coat of a mammal 

what is dressed?

 dressed or clothed especially in fine attire; often used in combination; "the elegantly attired gentleman"; "neatly dressed workers"; "monks garbed in hooded robes"; "went about oddly garmented"; "professors robed in crimson"; "tuxedoattired gentlemen"; "crimsonrobed Harvard professors" 

what is elegantly?

 in a gracefully elegant manner; "the members of these groups do not express themselves as accurately or as elegantly as their critics do"

what is gracefully?

 in a gracious or graceful manner; "he did not have a chance to grow up graciously" 

what is gracious?

 characterized by kindness and warm courtesy especially of a king to his subjects; "our benignant king" 

what is king?

 United States charismatic civil rights leader and Baptist minister who campaigned against the segregation of Blacks 

what is segregation?

 genetics the separation of paired alleles during meiosis so that members of each pair of alleles appear in different gametes 

what is separation?

 law the cessation of cohabitation of man and wife either by mutual agreement or under a court order 

what is cessation?

 a stopping; "a cessation of the thunder" 

what is thunder?

 a booming or crashing noise caused by air expanding along the path of a bolt of lightning 

what is booming?

 very lively and profitable; "flourishing businesses"; "a palmy time for stockbrokers"; "a prosperous new business"; "doing a roaring trade"; "a thriving tourist center"; "did a thriving business in orchids" 

what is palmy?

 very lively and profitable; "flourishing businesses"; "a palmy time for stockbrokers"; "a prosperous new business"; "doing a roaring trade"; "a thriving tourist center"; "did a thriving business in orchids" 

what is roaring?

 very lively and profitable; "flourishing businesses"; "a palmy time for stockbrokers"; "a prosperous new business"; "doing a roaring trade"; "a thriving tourist center"; "did a thriving business in orchids" 

what is thriving?

 very lively and profitable; "flourishing businesses"; "a palmy time for stockbrokers"; "a prosperous new business"; "doing a roaring trade"; "a thriving tourist center"; "did a thriving business in orchids" 

what is prosperous?

 marked by peace and prosperity; "a golden era"; "the halcyon days of the clipper trade" 

what is clipper?

 electronics an nonlinear electronic circuit whose output is limited in amplitude; used to limit the instantaneous amplitude of a waveform to clip off the peaks of a waveform; "a limiter introduces amplitude distortion" 

what is waveform?

 the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time 

what is wave?

 a hairdo that creates undulations in the hair 

what is hairdo?

 the arrangement of the hair especially a woman's hair 

what is arrangement?

 the spatial property of the way in which something is placed; "the arrangement of the furniture"; "the placement of the chairs" 

what is placement?

 contact established between applicants and prospective employees; "the agency provided placement services" 

what is agency?

 an administrative unit of government; "the Central Intelligence Agency"; "the Census Bureau"; "Office of Management and Budget"; "Tennessee Valley Authority" 

what is Census?

 conduct a census; "They censused the deer in the forest"

what is census?

 a period count of the population 

what is population?

 the number of inhabitants either the total number or the number of a particular race or class in a given place country or city etc.; "people come and go, but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade"; "the AfricanAmerican population of Salt Lake City has been increasing" 

what is total?

 including everything; "the overall cost"; "the total amount owed" 

what is overall?

 a loose protective coverall or smock worn over ordinary clothing for dirty work 

what is loose?

 having escaped, especially from confinement; "a convict still at large"; "searching for two escaped prisoners"; "dogs loose on the streets"; "criminals on the loose in the neighborhood" 

what is convict?

 a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison 

what is jail?

 a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence 

what is lawful?

 having a legally established claim; "the legitimate heir"; "the true and lawful king" 

what is legally?

 in a legal manner; "he acted legally"

what is legal?

 having legal efficacy or force; "a sound title to the property" 

what is sound?

 the subjective sensation of hearing something; "he strained to hear the faint sounds" 

what is subjective?

 of a mental act performed entirely within the mind; "a cognition is an immanent act of mind" 

what is mental?

 affected by a disorder of the mind; "a mental patient"; "mental illness"

what is disorder?

 condition in which there is a disturbance of normal functioning; "the doctor prescribed some medicine for the disorder"; "everyone gets stomach upsets from time to time" 

what is disturbance?

 an unhappy and worried mental state; "there was too much anger and disturbance"; "she didn't realize the upset she caused me" 

what is upset?

 used of an unexpected defeat of a team favored to win; "the Bills' upset victory over the Houston Oilers" 

what is Houston?

 the largest city in Texas; located in southeastern Texas near the Gulf of Mexico; site of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 

what is National?

 inside the country; "the British Home Office has broader responsibilities than the United States Department of the Interior"; "the nation's internal politics" 

what is Interior?

 located inward; "Beethoven's manuscript looks like a bloody record of a tremendous inner battle" Leonard Bernstein; "she thinks she has no soul, no interior life, but the truth is that she has no access to it" David Denby; "an internal sense of rightousness" A.R.Gurney,Jr. 

what is tremendous?

 extraordinarily good; used especially as intensifiers; "a fantastic trip to the Orient"; "the film was fantastic!"; "a howling success"; "a marvelous collection of rare books"; "had a rattling conversation about politics"; "a tremendous achievement" 

what is marvelous?

 extraordinarily good; used especially as intensifiers; "a fantastic trip to the Orient"; "the film was fantastic!"; "a howling success"; "a marvelous collection of rare books"; "had a rattling conversation about politics"; "a tremendous achievement" 

what is fantastic?

 ludicrously odd; "Hamlet's assumed antic disposition"; "fantastic Halloween costumes"; "a grotesque reflection in the mirror" 

what is grotesque?

 ludicrously odd; "Hamlet's assumed antic disposition"; "fantastic Halloween costumes"; "a grotesque reflection in the mirror" 

what is mirror?

 a faithful depiction or reflection; "the best mirror is an old friend" v 

what is faithful?

 marked by fidelity to an original; "a close translation"; "a faithful copy of the portrait"; "a faithful rendering of the observed facts" 

what is portrait?

 a painting of a person's face 

what is painting?

 graphic art consisting of an artistic composition made by applying paints to a surface; "a small painting by Picasso"; "he bought the painting as an investment"; "his pictures hang in the Louvre" 

what is Louvre?

 an art museum that is a famous tourist attraction in Paris 

what is famous?

 widely known and esteemed; "a famous actor"; "a celebrated musician"; "a famed scientist"; "an illustrious judge"; "a notable historian"; "a renowned painter" 

what is celebrated?

 widely known and esteemed; "a famous actor"; "a celebrated musician"; "a famed scientist"; "an illustrious judge"; "a notable historian"; "a renowned painter" 

what is famed?

 widely known and esteemed; "a famous actor"; "a celebrated musician"; "a famed scientist"; "an illustrious judge"; "a notable historian"; "a renowned painter" 

what is renowned?

 widely known and esteemed; "a famous actor"; "a celebrated musician"; "a famed scientist"; "an illustrious judge"; "a notable historian"; "a renowned painter" 

what is notable?

 usually followed by `to' not having the necessary means or skill or knowhow; "unable to get to town without a car"; "unable to obtain funds" 

what is necessary?

 anything indispensable; "food and shelter are necessities of life"; "the essentials of the good life"; "allow farmers to buy their requirements under favorable conditions"; "a place where the requisites of water fuel and fodder can be obtained" 

what is place?

 to arrange for; "place a phone call", "place a bet" 

what is phone?

 electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that can be transmitted over distances and then converts received signals back into sounds; "I talked to him on the telephone" 

what is telephone?

 get or try to get into communication with someone by telephone; "I tried to call you all night"; "Take two aspirin and call me in the morning" 

what is morning?

 the earliest period; "the dawn of civilization"; "the morning of the world" 

what is earliest?

 comparative and superlative of `early' more early than; most early; "a fashion popular in earlier times"; "his earlier work reflects the influence of his teacher"; "Verdi's earliest and most raucous opera" 

what is fashion?

 make out of components often in an improvising manner; "She fashioned a tent out of a sheet and a few sticks" 

what is tent?

 a portable shelter usually of canvas stretched over supporting poles and fastened to the ground with ropes and pegs; "he pitched his tent near the creek" 

what is portable?

 of a motor designed to be attached to the outside of a boat's hull; "a portable outboard motor" n 

what is motor?

 travel or be transported in a vehicle; "We drove to the university every morning"; "They motored to London for the theater" 

what is university?

 establishment where a seat of higher learning is housed, including administrative and living quarters as well as facilities for research and teaching 

what is seat?

 place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position; "there was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy" 

what is Academy?

 an institution for the advancement of art or science or literature 

what is advancement?

 the act of moving forward toward a goal 

what is goal?

 a successful attempt at scoring; "the winning goal came with less than a minute left to play" 

what is winning?

 be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious; "He won the Gold Medal in skating"; "Our home team won"; "Win the game" 

what is Gold?

 made from or covered with gold; "gold coins"; "the gold dome of the Capitol"; "the golden calf"; "gilded icons" 

what is Capitol?

 the government building in Washington where the United States Senate and the House of Representatives meet 

what is House?

 members of a business organization that owns or operates one or more establishments; "he worked for a brokerage house" 

what is brokerage?

 the business of a broker; charges a fee to arrange a contract between two parties 

what is business?

 incidental activity performed by an actor for dramatic effect; "his business with the cane was hilarious" 

what is cane?

 a stick that people can lean on to help them walk 

what is stick?

 implement consisting of a length of wood; "he collected dry sticks for a campfire"; "the kid had a candied apple on a stick" 

what is campfire?

 a small outdoor fire for warmth or cooking as at a camp

what is camp?

 providing sophisticated amusement by virtue of having artificially and vulgarly mannered or banal or sentimental qualities; "they played up the silliness of their roles for camp effect"; "campy Hollywood musicals of the 's" 

what is silliness?

 a ludicrous folly; "the crowd laughed at the absurdity of the clown's behavior" 

what is absurdity?

 a ludicrous folly; "the crowd laughed at the absurdity of the clown's behavior" 

what is clown?

 a rude or vulgar fool 

what is rude?

 belonging to an early stage of technical development; characterized by simplicity and often crudeness; "the crude weapons and rude agricultural implements of early man"; "primitive movies of the s"; "primitive living conditions in the Appalachian mountains" 

what is crude?

 conspicuously and tastelessly indecent; "coarse language"; "a crude joke"; "crude behavior"; "an earthy sense of humor"; "a revoltingly gross expletive"; "a vulgar gesture"; "full of language so vulgar it should have been edited" 

what is revoltingly?

 in a disgusting manner or to a disgusting degree; "the beggar was disgustingly filthy" 

what is disgusting?

 highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust; "a disgusting smell"; "distasteful language"; "a loathsome disease"; "the idea of eating meat is repellent to me"; "revolting food"; "a wicked stench" 

what is loathsome?

 highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust; "a disgusting smell"; "distasteful language"; "a loathsome disease"; "the idea of eating meat is repellent to me"; "revolting food"; "a wicked stench" 

what is wicked?

 highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust; "a disgusting smell"; "distasteful language"; "a loathsome disease"; "the idea of eating meat is repellent to me"; "revolting food"; "a wicked stench" 

what is idea?

 music melodic subject of a musical composition; "the theme is announced in the first measures"; "the accompanist picked up the idea and elaborated it" 

what is accompanist?

 a person who provides musical accompaniment usually on a piano 

what is piano?

 used chiefly as a direction or description in music; "the piano passages in the composition" 

what is composition?

 something that is created by arranging several things to form a unified whole; "he envied the composition of their faculty"

what is unified?

 operating as a unit; "a unified utility system"; "a coordinated program" 

what is coordinated?

 operating as a unit; "a unified utility system"; "a coordinated program" 

what is unit?

 any division of quantity accepted as a standard of measurement or exchange; "the dollar is the United States unit of currency"; "a unit of wheat is a bushel"; "change per unit volume" 

what is bushel?

 a basket large enough to hold a bushel 

what is basket?

 a score in basketball made by throwing the ball through the hoop 

what is hoop?

 a rigid circular band of metal or wood or other material used for holding or fastening or hanging or pulling; "there was still a rusty iron hoop for tying a horse" 

what is rigid?

 incapable of or resistant to bending; "a rigid strip of metal"; "a table made of rigid plastic"; "a palace guardsman stiff as a poker" 

what is poker?

 fire iron consisting of a metal rod with a handle; used to stir a fire 

what is handle?

 the appendage to an object that is designed to be held in order to use or move it; "he grabbed the hammer by the handle"; "it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip" 

what is appendage?

 a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant; "a bony process" 

what is bony?

 very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold; "emaciated bony hands"; "a nightmare population of gaunt men and skeletal boys"; "eyes were haggard and cavernous"; "small pinched faces"; "kept life in his wasted frame only by grim concentration" 

what is nightmare?

 a situation resembling a terrifying dream 

what is situation?

 physical position in relation to the surroundings; "the sites are determined by highly specific sequences of nucleotides" 

what is surroundings?

 the environmental condition 

what is environmental?

 concerned with the ecological effects of altering the environment; "environmental pollution" 

what is ecological?

 characterized by the interdependence of living organisms in an environment; "an ecological disaster" 

what is interdependence?

 a reciprocal relation between interdependent entities objects or individuals or groups 

what is reciprocal?

 of or relating to the multiplicative inverse of a quantity or function; "the reciprocal ratio of a

what is multiplicative?

 tending or having the power to multiply or increase in number or quantity or degree; "the multiplicative tendency of proportional representation"

what is power?

 supply the force or power for the functioning of; "The gasoline powers the engines"

what is functioning?

 process or manner of functioning or operating; "the power of its engine determine its operation"; "the plane's operation in high winds"; "they compared the cooking performance of each oven"; "the jet's performance conformed to high standards" 

what is cooking?

 the act of preparing something as food by the application of heat; "cooking can be a great art"; "people are needed who have experience in cookery"; "he left the preparation of meals to his wife" 

what is preparation?

 a substance prepared according to a formula 

what is formula?

 something regarded as a normative example; "the convention of not naming the main character"; "violence is the rule not the exception"; "his formula for impressing visitors" 

what is convention?

 something regarded as a normative example; "the convention of not naming the main character"; "violence is the rule not the exception"; "his formula for impressing visitors" 

what is normative?

 based on or prescribing a norm or standard; "normative grammar" 

what is norm?

 a statistic describing the location of a distribution; "it set the norm for American homes" 

what is distribution?

 the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer

what is producer?

 something that produces; "Maine is a leading producer of potatoes"; "this microorganism is a producer of disease"

what is leading?

 having the leading position or higher score in a contest; "he is ahead by a pawn"; "the leading team in the pennant race" 

what is pawn?

 leave as a guarantee in return for money; "pawn your grandfather's gold watch" 

what is guarantee?

 a collateral agreement to answer for the debt of another in case that person defaults 

what is collateral?

 a security pledged for the repayment of a loan

what is loan?

 a word borrowed from another language; e.g. `blitz' is a German word borrowed into modern English 

what is German?

 the standard German language; developed historically from West Germanic 

what is standard?

 conforming to the established language usage of educated native speakers; "standard English" American; "received standard English is sometimes called the King's English" British 

what is King?

 a checker that has been moved to the opponent's first row where it is promoted to a piece that is free to move either forward or backward 

what is checker?

 one of the flat round pieces used in playing checkers v 

what is flat?

 a deflated pneumatic tire 

what is deflated?

 collapsed through the release of gas or air 

what is release?

 merchandise issued for sale or public showing especially a record or film; "a new release from the London Symphony Orchestra" 

what is London?

 the capital and largest city of England; located on the Thames in southeastern England; financial and industrial and cultural center 

what is Thames?

 the longest river in England; flows eastward through London to the North Sea 

what is longest?

 having the greater length of two or the greatest length of several; "the longer or long edge of the door"; "the hypotenuse is the longest or long side of a right triangle" 

what is hypotenuse?

 the side of a right triangle opposite the right angle

what is side?

 a line segment forming part of the perimeter of a plane figure; "the hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side" 

what is perimeter?

 the size of something as given by the distance around it 

what is size?

 the physical magnitude of something how big it is; "a wolf is about the size of a large dog" 

what is wolf?

 German classical scholar who claimed that the Iliad and Odyssey were composed by several authors 

what is Iliad?

 a Greek epic poem attributed to Homer describing the siege of Troy

what is siege?

 the action of an armed force that surrounds a fortified place and isolates it while continuing to attack 

what is fortified?

 enclose by or as if by a fortification 

what is fortification?

 defensive structure consisting of walls or mounds built around a stronghold to strengthen it 

what is stronghold?

 a strongly fortified defensive structure 

what is strongly?

 in a powerful manner; "the federal government replaced the powerfully prosettler Sir Godfrey Huggins with the even tougher and more determined extrade unionist" 

what is powerfully?

 in a powerful manner; "the federal government replaced the powerfully prosettler Sir Godfrey Huggins with the even tougher and more determined extrade unionist" 

what is even?

 to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons; "looked sick and felt even worse"; "an even or still more interesting problem"; "still another problem must be solved"; "a yet sadder tale" 

what is greater?

 greater in size or importance or degree; "for the greater good of the community"; "the greater Antilles" 

what is community?

 a group of people having ethnic or cultural or religious characteristics in common; "the Christian community of the apostolic age"; "he was well known throughout the Catholic community" 

what is apostolic?

 proceeding from or ordered by or subject to a pope or the papacy regarded as the successor of the Apostles; "papal dispensation" 

what is papacy?

 the government of the Roman Catholic Church 

what is Roman?

 a typeface used in ancient Roman inscriptions 

what is typeface?

 a specific size and style of type within a type family 

what is type?

 write by means of a keyboard with types; "type the acceptance letter, please" 

what is acceptance?

 the mental attitude that something is believable and should be accepted as true; "he gave credence to the gossip"; "acceptance of Newtonian mechanics was unquestioned for years" 

what is gossip?

 wag one's tongue; speak about others and reveal secrets or intimacies; "She won't dish the dirt" 

what is dirt?

 the part of the earth's surface consisting of humus and disintegrated rock 

what is part?

 one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole; "the written part of the exam"; "the finance section of the company"; "the BBC's engineering division" 

what is finance?

 the branch of economics that studies the management of money and other assets 

what is management?

 the act of managing something; "he was given overall management of the program"; "is the direction of the economy a function of government?" 

what is economy?

 the efficient use of resources; "economy of effort" 

what is efficient?

 able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively; "people who will do nothing unless they get something out of it for themselves are often highly effective persons..."G.B.Shaw; "effective personnel"; "an efficient secretary"; "the efficient cause of the revolution" 

what is revolution?

 a drastic and farreaching change in ways of thinking and behaving; "the industrial revolution was also a cultural revolution" 

what is cultural?

 of or relating to the shared knowledge and values of a society; "cultural roots" 

what is shared?

 have in common; held or experienced in common; "two shared valence electrons forming a bond between adjacent nuclei"; "a shared interest in philately" 

what is bond?

 the property of sticking together as of glue and wood or the joining of surfaces of different composition 

what is joining?

 the act of bringing two things into contact especially for communication; "the joining of hands around the table"; "there was a connection via the internet" 

what is internet?

 a computer network consisting of a worldwide network of computer networks that use the TCP/IP network protocols to facilitate data transmission and exchange 

what is worldwide?

 spanning or extending throughout the entire world; "worldwide distribution"; "a worldwide epidemic" 

what is entire?

 constituting the undiminished entirety; lacking nothing essential especially not damaged; "a local motion keepeth bodies integral" Bacon; "was able to keep the collection entire during his lifetime"; "fought to keep the union intact" 

what is local?

 relating to or applicable to or concerned with the administration of a city or town or district rather than a larger area; "local taxes"; "local authorities" 

what is administration?

 a method of tending to especially business matters 

what is method?

 a way of doing something, especially a systematic way; implies an orderly logical arrangement usually in steps

what is systematic?

 characterized by order and planning; "the investigation was very systematic"; "a systematic administrator" 

what is investigation?

 an inquiry into unfamiliar or questionable activities; "there was a congressional probe into the scandal" 

what is scandal?

 a disgraceful event 

what is disgraceful?

 used of conduct or character deserving or bringing disgrace or shame; "Man...has written one of his blackest records as a destroyer on the oceanic islands" Rachel Carson; "an ignominious retreat"; "inglorious defeat"; "an opprobrious monument to human greed"; "a shameful display of cowardice" 

what is shameful?

 used of conduct or character deserving or bringing disgrace or shame; "Man...has written one of his blackest records as a destroyer on the oceanic islands" Rachel Carson; "an ignominious retreat"; "inglorious defeat"; "an opprobrious monument to human greed"; "a shameful display of cowardice" 

what is destroyer?

 a person who destroys or ruins or lays waste to; "a destroyer of the environment"; "jealousy was his undoer"; "uprooters of gravestones" 

what is environment?

 the totality of surrounding conditions; "he longed for the comfortable environment of his livingroom" 

what is totality?

 the state of being total; "appalled by the totality of the destruction" 

what is destruction?

 an event or the result of an event that completely destroys something 

what is result?

 result in; "The water left a mark on the silk dress"; "Her blood left a stain on the napkin" 

what is stain?

 a soiled or discolored appearance; "the wine left a dark stain" 

what is soiled?

 soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime; "dirty unswept sidewalks"; "a child in dirty overalls"; "dirty slums"; "piles of dirty dishes"; "put his dirty feet on the clean sheet"; "wore an unclean shirt"; "mining is a dirty job"; "Cinderella did the dirty work while her sisters preened themselves" 

what is dirty?

 of color discolored by impurities; not bright and clear; "dirty" is often used in combination; "a dirty or dingy white"; "the muddied gray of the sea"; "muddy colors"; "dirtygreen walls"; "dirtyblonde hair" 

what is muddied?

 dirty and messy; covered with mud or muck; "muddy boots"; "a mucky stable" 

what is mucky?

 of soil soft and watery; "the ground was boggy under foot"; "a marshy coastline"; "miry roads"; "wet mucky lowland"; "muddy barnyard"; "quaggy terrain"; "the sloughy edge of the pond"; "swampy bayous" 

what is marshy?

 of soil soft and watery; "the ground was boggy under foot"; "a marshy coastline"; "miry roads"; "wet mucky lowland"; "muddy barnyard"; "quaggy terrain"; "the sloughy edge of the pond"; "swampy bayous" 

what is sloughy?

 of soil soft and watery; "the ground was boggy under foot"; "a marshy coastline"; "miry roads"; "wet mucky lowland"; "muddy barnyard"; "quaggy terrain"; "the sloughy edge of the pond"; "swampy bayous" 

what is ground?

 make a grating or grinding sound by rubbing together; "grate one's teeth in anger" 

what is grating?

 optical device consisting of a surface with many parallel grooves in it; disperses a beam of light or other electromagnetic radiation into its wavelengths to produce its spectrum 

what is beam?

 especially of the complexion

what is complexion?

 the coloring of a person's face 

what is coloring?

 a visual attribute of things that results from the light they emit or transmit or reflect; "a white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light" 

what is white?

 board games the lighter pieces 

what is lighter?

 a substance used to ignite or kindle a fire 

what is fire?

 terminate the employment of; "The boss fired his secretary today"; "The company terminated % of its workers" 

what is employment?

 the state of being employed or having a job; "they are looking for employment"; "he was in the employ of the city" 

what is employ?

 engage or hire for work; "They hired two new secretaries in the department"; "How many people has she employed?" 

what is department?

 a specialized division of a large organization; "you'll find it in the hardware department"; "she got a job in the historical section of the Treasury" 

what is Treasury?

 the federal department that collects revenue and administers federal finances; the Treasury Department was created in 

what is federal?

 of or relating to the central government of a federation; "a federal district is one set aside as the seat of the national government" 

what is federation?

 the act of constituting a political unity out of a number of separate states or colonies or provinces so that each member retains the management of its internal affairs

what is number?

 a select company of people; "I hope to become one of their number before I die" 

what is select?

 selected or chosen for special qualifications; "the blueribbon event of the season" 

what is blueribbon?

 selected or chosen for special qualifications; "the blueribbon event of the season" 

what is season?

 a period of the year marked by special events or activities in some field; "he celebrated his th season with the ballet company"; "she always looked forward to the avocado season" 

what is avocado?

 a pearshaped tropical fruit with green or blackish skin and rich yellowish pulp enclosing a single large seed 

what is pearshaped?

 of sounds full and rich; "orotund tones"; "the rotund and reverberating phrase"; "pearshaped vowels" 

what is rotund?

 excessively fat; "a weighty man" 

what is weighty?

 of great gravity or crucial import; requiring serious thought; "grave responsibilities"; "faced a grave decision in a time of crisis"; "a grievous fault"; "heavy matters of state"; "the weighty matters to be discussed at the peace conference" 

what is grievous?

 of great gravity or crucial import; requiring serious thought; "grave responsibilities"; "faced a grave decision in a time of crisis"; "a grievous fault"; "heavy matters of state"; "the weighty matters to be discussed at the peace conference" 

what is peace?

 the state prevailing during the absence of war 

what is absence?

 epilepsy characterized by paroxysmal attacks of brief clouding of consciousness a possible other abnormalities 

what is possible?

 capable of happening or existing; "a breakthrough may be possible next year"; "anything is possible"; "warned of possible consequences" 

what is breakthrough?

 a penetration of a barrier such as an enemy's defense

what is penetration?

 the act by a man of inserting his penis into the vagina of a woman

what is vagina?

 the lower part of the female reproductive tract; a moist canal in female mammals extending from the labia minora to the uterus; "the vagina receives the penis during coitus"; "the vagina is elastic enough to allow the passage of a fetus" [also

what is fetus?

 an unborn or unhatched vertebrate in the later stages of development showing the main recognizable features of the mature animal 

what is mature?

 grow old or older; "She aged gracefully"; "we age every daywhat a depressing thought!"; "Young men senesce" 

what is depressing?

 causing dejection; "a blue day"; "the dark days of the war"; "a week of rainy depressing weather"; "a disconsolate winter landscape"; "the first dismal dispiriting days of November"; "a dark gloomy day"; "grim rainy weather" 

what is disconsolate?

 causing dejection; "a blue day"; "the dark days of the war"; "a week of rainy depressing weather"; "a disconsolate winter landscape"; "the first dismal dispiriting days of November"; "a dark gloomy day"; "grim rainy weather" 

what is blue?

 used to whiten laundry or hair or give it a bluish tinge 

what is bluish?

 having a color similar to that of a clear unclouded sky; "October's bright blue weather" Helen Hunt Jackson; "a blue flame"; "blue haze of tobacco smoke" 

what is clear?

 free from contact or proximity or connection; "we were clear of the danger"; "the ship was clear of the reef" 

what is reef?

 a submerged ridge of rock or coral near the surface of the water 

what is submerged?

 under water; e.g. at the bottom of a body of water; "sunken treasure"; "a sunken ship" 

what is sunken?

 a depression in the ground communicating with a subterranean passage especially in limestone and formed by solution or by collapse of a cavern roof 

what is cavern?

 a large cave or a large chamber in a cave v 

what is cave?

 hollow out as if making a cave or opening; "The river was caving the banks" 

what is banks?

 English botanist who accompanied Captain Cook on his first voyage to the Pacific Ocean 

what is Pacific?

 disposed to peace or of a peaceful nature; "the pacific temper seeks to settle disputes on grounds of justice rather than by force"; "a quiet and peaceable person"; "in a peaceable and orderly manner" 

what is pacific?

 the largest ocean in the world 

what is world?

 a part of the earth that can be considered separately; "the outdoor world"; "the world of insects" 

what is outdoor?

 located, suited for, or taking place in the open air; "outdoor clothes"; "badminton and other outdoor games"; "a beautiful outdoor setting for the wedding" 

what is wedding?

 the fourth day of the week; the third working day 

what is fourth?

 coming next after the third and just before the fifth in position or time or degree or magnitude; "the quaternary period of geologic time extends from the end of the tertiary period to the present" 

what is tertiary?

 coming next after the second and just before the fourth in position 

what is second?

 merchandise that has imperfections; usually sold at a reduced price without the brand name 

what is brand?

 a symbol of disgrace or infamy; "And the Lord set a mark upon Cain"Genesis 

what is Lord?

 a titled peer of the realm 

what is titled?

 belonging to the peerage; "the princess and her coroneted companions"; "the titled classes" 

what is peerage?

 the peers of a kingdom considered as a group 

what is kingdom?

 a domain in which something is dominant; "the untroubled kingdom of reason"; "a land of makebelieve"; "the rise of the realm of cotton in the south" 

what is domain?

 a knowledge domain that you are interested in or are communicating about; "it was a limited domain of discourse"; "here we enter the region of opinion"; "the realm of the occult" 

what is occult?

 hidden and difficult to see; "an occult fracture"; "occult blood in the stool" 

what is stool?

 solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels 

what is bowels?

 the center of the Earth

what is Earth?

 hide in the earth like a hunted animal 

what is hunted?

 reflecting the fear or terror of one who is hunted; "the hopeless hunted look on the prisoner's face"; "a glitter of apprehension in her hunted eyes"

what is fear?

 a profound emotion inspired by a deity; "the fear of God" 

what is profound?

 farreaching and thoroughgoing in effect especially on the nature of something; "the fundamental revolution in human values that has occurred"; "the book underwent fundamental changes"; "committed the fundamental error of confusing spending with extravagance"; "profound social changes" 

what is fundamental?

 the lowest tone of a harmonic series 

what is harmonic?

 of or relating to the branch of acoustics that studies the composition of musical sounds; "the sound of the resonating cavity cannot be the only determinant of the harmonic response" 

what is resonating?

 characterized by reverberation; "a resonant voice"; "hear the rolling thunder" 

what is resonant?

 characterized by reverberation; "a resonant voice"; "hear the rolling thunder" 

what is rolling?

 uttered with a trill; "she used rolling r's as in Spanish" 

what is trill?

 sing or play with trills, alternating with the half note above or below 

what is half?

 one of two equal parts of a divisible whole; "half a loaf"; "half an hour"; "a century and one half" 

what is loaf?

 a shaped mass of baked bread 

what is shaped?

 shaped to fit by or as if by altering the contours of a pliable mass as by work or effort; "a shaped handgrip"; "the molded steel plates"; "the wrought silver bracelet" 

what is molded?

 shaped to fit by or as if by altering the contours of a pliable mass as by work or effort; "a shaped handgrip"; "the molded steel plates"; "the wrought silver bracelet" 

what is wrought?

 shaped to fit by or as if by altering the contours of a pliable mass as by work or effort; "a shaped handgrip"; "the molded steel plates"; "the wrought silver bracelet" 

what is pliable?

 capable of being bent or flexed or twisted without breaking; "a flexible wire"; "a pliant young tree" 

what is pliant?

 capable of being influenced or formed; "the plastic minds of children"; "a pliant nature" 

what is plastic?

 used of the imagination; "material...transformed by the plastic power of the imagination"Coleridge 

what is imagination?

 the formation of a mental image of something that is not perceived as real and is not present to the senses; "popular imagination created a world of demons"; "imagination reveals what the world could be" 

what is formation?

 the fabrication of something in a particular shape 

what is fabrication?

 the act of making something a product from raw materials; "the synthesis and fabrication of single crystals"; "an improvement in the manufacture of explosives"; "manufacturing is vital to Great Britain" 

what is synthesis?

 the combination of ideas into a complex whole 

what is combination?

 a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock; "he forgot the combination to the safe" 

what is safe?

 a ventilated or refrigerated cupboard for securing provisions from pests 

what is ventilated?

 exposed to air; "a well ventilated room" 

what is well?

 to a suitable or appropriate extent or degree; "the project was well underway"; "the fetus has well developed organs"; "his father was well pleased with his grades" 

what is suitable?

 meant or adapted for an occasion or use; "a tractor suitable or fit for heavy duty"; "not an appropriate or fit time for flippancy" 

what is tractor?

 a truck that has a cab but no body; used for pulling large trailers or vans

what is truck?

 a handcart that has a frame with two low wheels and a ledge at the bottom and handles at the top; used to move crates or other heavy objects 

what is ledge?

 a projecting ridge on a mountain or submerged under water 

what is projecting?

 extending out above or beyond a surface or boundary; "the jutting limb of a tree"; "massive projected buttresses"; "his protruding ribs"; "a pile of boards sticking over the end of his truck" 

what is pile?

 the yarn as in a rug or velvet or corduroy that stands up from the weave; "for uniform color and texture tailors cut velvet with the pile running the same direction" 

what is weave?

 to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course; "the river winds through the hills"; "the path meanders through the vineyards"; "sometimes, the gout wanders through the entire body" 

what is gout?

 a painful inflammation of the big toe and foot caused by defects in uric acid metabolism resulting in deposits of the acid and its salts in the blood and joints 

what is acid?

 any of various watersoluble compounds having a sour taste and capable of turning litmus red and reacting with a base to form a salt 

what is salt?

 a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal or a radical that acts like a metal 

what is radical?

 especially of leaves; located at the base of a plant or stem; especially arising directly from the root or rootstock or a rootlike stem; "basal placentation"; "radical leaves" 

what is rootlike?

 looking or acting like a root

what is root?

 someone from whom you are descended but usually more remote than a grandparent 

what is grandparent?

 a parent of your father or mother

what is parent?

 a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a child; a relative who plays the role of guardian 

what is role?

 the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group; "the function of a teacher"; "the government must do its part"; "play its role" 

what is function?

 a formal or official social gathering or ceremony; "it was a blacktie function" 

what is blacktie?

 a black bow tie worn with a dinner jacketblacktiewnWordNet r .blacktie adj 

what is dinner?

 the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday; "dinner will be at "; "on Sundays they had a large dinner when they returned from church" 

what is evening?

 the early part of night from dinner until bedtime spent in a special way; "an evening at the opera"

what is opera?

 a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and an orchestral overture and interludes 

what is drama?

 a dramatic work intended for performance by actors on a stage; "he wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway" 

what is dramatic?

 suitable to or characteristic of drama; "a dramatic entrance in a swirling cape"; "a dramatic rescue at sea" 

what is swirling?

 moving or driven rapidly in a rotary or twisting motion; "a tornado's whirling winds"; "swirling currents" 

what is tornado?

 a localized and violently destructive windstorm occurring over land characterized by a funnelshaped cloud extending toward the ground 

what is localized?

 made local or oriented locally; "a decentralized and localized political authority" 

what is decentralized?

 withdrawn from a center or place of concentration; especially having power or function dispersed from a central to local authorities; "a decentralized school administration" 

what is central?

 used in the description of a place that in the middle of another place; "the people of Central and Northern Europe"; "country in central Africa" 

what is description?

 a statement that represents something in words 

what is statement?

 a nonverbal message; "a Cadillac makes a statement about who you are"; "his tantrums are a statement of his need for attention" 

what is nonverbal?

 concerned with numbers rather than words; "the numerical part of the test"; "the nonverbal factor" 

what is numerical?

 relating to or having ability to think in or work with numbers; "tests for rating numerical aptitude"; "a mathematical whiz" 

what is mathematical?

 of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics; "a mathematical textbook"; "slide rules and other mathematical instruments"; "a mathematical solution to a problem"; "mathematical proof" 

what is nature?

 a causal agent creating and controlling things in the universe; "the laws of nature"; "nature has seen to it that men are stronger than women" 

what is causal?

 involving or constituting a cause; causing; "a causal relationship between scarcity and higher prices"

what is cause?

 give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally; "cause a commotion"; "make a stir"; "cause an accident" 

what is stir?

 evoke or call forth, with or as if by magic; "raise the specter of unemployment"; "he conjured wild birds in the air"; "stir a disturbance"; "call down the spirits from the mountain" 

what is specter?

 a ghostly appearing figure; "we were unprepared for the apparition that confronted us" 

what is apparition?

 the appearance of a ghostlike figure; "I was recalled to the present by the apparition of a frightening specter" 

what is ghostlike?

 like or being a phantom; "a ghostly face at the window"; "a phantasmal presence in the room"; "spectral emanations"; "spiritual tappings at a seance" 

what is ghostly?

 like or being a phantom; "a ghostly face at the window"; "a phantasmal presence in the room"; "spectral emanations"; "spiritual tappings at a seance" 

what is seance?

 a meeting of spiritualists; "the seance was held in the medium's parlor" 

what is medium?

 an intervening substance through which something is achieved; "the dissolving medium is called a solvent" 

what is dissolving?

 causing to dissolve; "the dissolving medium is called the solvent" n 

what is solvent?

 a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem; "they were trying to find a peaceful solution"; "the answers were in the back of the book"; "he computed the result to four decimal places" 

what is back?

 be behind; approve of; "He plumped for the Labor Party"; "I backed Kennedy in " 

what is Labor?

 concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of labor to the birth of a child; "she was in labor for six hours" 

what is onset?

 the beginning or early stages; "the onset of pneumonia" 

what is beginning?

 the first part or section of something; "`It was a dark and stormy night' is a hackneyed beginning for a story" 

what is hackneyed?

 repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse; "bromidic sermons"; "his remarks were trite and commonplace"; "hackneyed phrases"; "a stock answer"; "repeating threadbare jokes"; "parroting some timeworn axiom"; "the trite metaphor `hard as nails'" 

what is trite?

 repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse; "bromidic sermons"; "his remarks were trite and commonplace"; "hackneyed phrases"; "a stock answer"; "repeating threadbare jokes"; "parroting some timeworn axiom"; "the trite metaphor `hard as nails'" 

what is stock?

 the handle of a handgun or the butt end of a rifle or shotgun or part of the support of a machine gun or artillery gun; "the rifle had been fitted with a special stock" 

what is handgun?

 a firearm that is held and fired with one hand 

what is firearm?

 a portable gun; "he wore his firearm in a shoulder holster" 

what is shoulder?

 carry a burden, either real or metaphoric; "shoulder the burden"

what is burden?

 an onerous or difficult concern; "the burden of responsibility"; "that's a load off my mind" 

what is load?

 an amount of alcohol sufficient to intoxicate; "he got a load on and started a brawl" 

what is brawl?

 a noisy fight in a crowd 

what is crowd?

 to gather together in large numbers; "men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah" 

what is verandah?

 a porch along the outside of a building sometimes partly enclosed 

what is porch?

 a structure attached to the exterior of a building often forming a covered entrance

what is covered?

 having the head and face covered; "the bride's veiled head"; "veiled Muslim women"

what is head?

 the foam or froth that accumulates at the top when you pour an effervescent liquid into a container; "the beer had a large head of foam" 

what is foam?

 a mass of small bubbles formed in or on a liquid 

what is liquid?

 a frictionless nonnasal continuant especially `l' and `r'

what is frictionless?

 lacking all friction; "a perpetual motion machine would have to be frictionless"

what is perpetual?

 uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing; "the ceaseless thunder of surf"; "in constant pain"; "night and day we live with the incessant noise of the city"; "the neverending search for happiness"; "the perpetual struggle to maintain standards in a democracy"; "man's unceasing warfare with drought and isolation"; "unremitting demands of hunger" 

what is ceaseless?

 uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing; "the ceaseless thunder of surf"; "in constant pain"; "night and day we live with the incessant noise of the city"; "the neverending search for happiness"; "the perpetual struggle to maintain standards in a democracy"; "man's unceasing warfare with drought and isolation"; "unremitting demands of hunger" 

what is democracy?

 the doctrine that the numerical majority of an organized group can make decisions binding on the whole group 

what is whole?

 to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent `whole' is often used informally for `wholly'; "he was wholly convinced"; "entirely satisfied with the meal"; "it was completely different from what we expected"; "was completely at fault"; "a totally new situation"; "the directions were all wrong"; "it was not altogether her fault"; "an altogether new approach"; "a whole new idea" 

what is totally?

 to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent `whole' is often used informally for `wholly'; "he was wholly convinced"; "entirely satisfied with the meal"; "it was completely different from what we expected"; "was completely at fault"; "a totally new situation"; "the directions were all wrong"; "it was not altogether her fault"; "an altogether new approach"; "a whole new idea" 

what is full?

 beat for the purpose of cleaning and thickening; "full the cloth" 

what is cloth?

 artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers; "the fabric in the curtains was light and semitraqnsparent"; "woven cloth originated in Mesopotamia around BC"; "she measured off enough material for a dress" 

what is fabric?

 the underlying structure; "restoring the framework of the bombed building"; "it is part of the fabric of society" 

what is underlying?

 being or involving basic facts or principles; "the fundamental laws of the universe"; "a fundamental incompatibility between them"; "these rudimentary truths"; "underlying principles" 

what is universe?

 statistics the entire aggregation of items from which samples can be drawn; "it is an estimate of the mean of the population" 

what is mean?

 approximating the statistical norm or average or expected value; "the average income in New England is below that of the nation"; "of average height for his age"; "the mean annual rainfall" 

what is average?

 of no exceptional quality or ability; "a novel of average merit"; "only a fair performance of the sonata"; "in fair health"; "the caliber of the students has gone from mediocre to above average"; "the performance was middling at best" 

what is caliber?

 diameter of a tube or gun barrel 

what is tube?

 a hollow cylindrical shape 

what is hollow?

 a small valley between mountains; "he built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians" 

what is Appalachians?

 a mountain range in the eastern United States extending from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico; a historic barrier to early westward expansion of the United States 

what is Gulf?

 an unbridgeable disparity as from a failure of understanding; "he felt a gulf between himself and his former friends"; "there is a vast disconnect between public opinion and federal policy" 

what is gulf?

 an unbridgeable disparity as from a failure of understanding; "he felt a gulf between himself and his former friends"; "there is a vast disconnect between public opinion and federal policy" 

what is failure?

 an unexpected omission; "he resented my failure to return his call"; "the mechanic's failure to check the brakes" 

what is mechanic?

 a craftsman skilled in operating machine tools 

what is craftsman?

 a creator of great skill in the manual arts; "the jewelry was made by internationally famous craftsmen" 

what is jewelry?

 an adornment as a bracelet or ring or necklace made of precious metals and set with gems or imitation gems 

what is bracelet?

 a band of cloth or leather or metal links attached to a wristwatch and wrapped around the wrist 

what is wristwatch?

 a watch that is worn strapped to the wrist 

what is wrist?

 a joint between the distal end of the radius and the proximal row of carpal bones 

what is distal?

 directed away from the midline or mesial plane of the body 

what is midline?

 the median plane of the body or some part of the body 

what is median?

 the value below which % of the cases fall 

what is value?

 the amount of money or goods or services that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else; "he tried to estimate the value of the produce at normal prices" 

what is produce?

 cause to occur or exist; "This procedure produces a curious effect"; "The new law gave rise to many complaints"; "These chemicals produce a noxious vapor" 

what is curious?

 beyond or deviating from the usual or expected; "a curious hybrid accent"; "her speech has a funny twang"; "they have some funny ideas about war"; "had an odd name"; "the peculiar aromatic odor of cloves"; "something definitely queer about this town"; "what a rum fellow"; "singular behavior" 

what is funny?

 arousing or provoking laughter; "an amusing film with a steady stream of pranks and pratfalls"; "an amusing fellow"; "a comic hat"; "a comical look of surprise"; "funny stories that made everybody laugh"; "a very funny writer"; "it would have been laughable if it hadn't hurt so much"; "a mirthful experience"; "risible courtroom antics" 

what is comical?

 arousing or provoking laughter; "an amusing film with a steady stream of pranks and pratfalls"; "an amusing fellow"; "a comic hat"; "a comical look of surprise"; "funny stories that made everybody laugh"; "a very funny writer"; "it would have been laughable if it hadn't hurt so much"; "a mirthful experience"; "risible courtroom antics" 

what is comic?

 arousing or provoking laughter; "an amusing film with a steady stream of pranks and pratfalls"; "an amusing fellow"; "a comic hat"; "a comical look of surprise"; "funny stories that made everybody laugh"; "a very funny writer"; "it would have been laughable if it hadn't hurt so much"; "a mirthful experience"; "risible courtroom antics" 

what is mirthful?

 full of or showing highspirited merriment; "when hearts were young and gay"; "a poet could not but be gay, in such a jocund company" Wordsworth; "the jolly crowd at the reunion"; "jolly old Saint Nick"; "a jovial old gentleman"; "have a merry Christmas"; "peals of merry laughter"; "a mirthful laugh" 

what is jocund?

 full of or showing highspirited merriment; "when hearts were young and gay"; "a poet could not but be gay, in such a jocund company" Wordsworth; "the jolly crowd at the reunion"; "jolly old Saint Nick"; "a jovial old gentleman"; "have a merry Christmas"; "peals of merry laughter"; "a mirthful laugh" 

what is jolly?

 a yawl used by a ship's sailors for general work 

what is yawl?

 a sailing vessel with two masts; a small mizzen is aft of the rudderpost v 

what is rudderpost?

 a vertical post at the forward edge of a rudder that enables the rudder to pivot 

what is rudder?

 a hinged vertical airfoil mounted at the tail of an aircraft and used to make horizontal course changes 

what is tail?

 the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and extending beyond the trunk or main part of the body 

what is posterior?

 at or near the hind end in quadrupeds or toward the spine in primates 

what is spine?

 a sharppointed tip on a stem or leaf 

what is sharppointed?

 having a sharp point

what is sharp?

 having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions; "an acute observer of politics and politicians"; "incisive comments"; "icy knifelike reasoning"; "as sharp and incisive as the stroke of a fang"; "penetrating insight"; "frequent penetrative observations" 

what is fang?

 canine tooth of a carnivorous animal; used to seize and tear its prey 

what is carnivorous?

 relating to or characteristic of carnivores; "the lion and other carnivorous animals" 

what is lion?

 the fifth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about July to August 

what is fifth?

 a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon 

what is quantity?

 something that has a magnitude and can be represented in mathematical expressions by a constant or a variable

what is magnitude?

 the property of relative size or extent; "they tried to predict the magnitude of the explosion" 

what is explosion?

 the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant 

what is occlusive?

 a consonant produced by stopping the flow of air at some point and suddenly releasing it; "his stop consonants are too aspirated" 

what is consonant?

 a speech sound that is not a vowel 

what is vowel?

 a letter of the alphabet standing for a spoken vowel

what is spoken?

 make a characteristic or natural sound; "The drums spoke" [also

what is characteristic?

 the integer part positive or negative of the representation of a logarithm; in the expression log = . the characteristic is 

what is expression?

 expression without words; "tears are an expression of grief"; "the pulse is a reflection of the heart's condition" 

what is reflection?

 a likeness in which left and right are reversed 

what is likeness?

 picture consisting of a graphic image of a person or thing 

what is graphic?

 evoking lifelike images within the mind; "pictorial poetry and prose"; "graphic accounts of battle"; "a lifelike portrait"; "a vivid description" 

what is lifelike?

 evoking lifelike images within the mind; "pictorial poetry and prose"; "graphic accounts of battle"; "a lifelike portrait"; "a vivid description" 

what is vivid?

 having striking color; "bright greens"; "brilliant tapestries"; "a bird with vivid plumage" 

what is bird?

 the flesh of a bird or fowl wild or domestic used as food 

what is flesh?

 a soft moist part of a fruit 

what is fruit?

 the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant 

what is seed?

 distribute players or teams so that outstanding teams or players will not meet in the early rounds 

what is early?

 of the distant past; "the early inhabitants of Europe"; "former generations"; "in other times" 

what is distant?

 separated in space or time or coming from or going to a distance; "the distant past"; "distant villages"; "the sound of distant traffic"; "a distant sound"; "a distant telephone call" 

what is distance?

 a remote point in time; "if that happens it will be at some distance in the future"; "at a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details" v 

what is details?

 true confidential information; "after the trial he gave us the real details" 

what is trial?

 the act of testing something; "in the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately"; "he called each flip of the coin a new trial" 

what is experimental?

 of the nature of or undergoing an experiment; "an experimental drug"; "a pilot project"; "a test run"; "a trial separation"

what is pilot?

 small auxiliary gas burner that provides a flame to ignite a larger gas burner 

what is flame?

 criticize harshly, on the email

what is email?

 computer science a system of worldwide electronic communication in which a computer user can compose a message at one terminal that is generated at the recipient's terminal when he logs in 

what is recipient?

 the semantic role of the animate entity that is passively involved in the happening denoted by the verb in the clause 

what is animate?

 belonging to the class of nouns that denote living beings; "the word `dog' is animate" 

what is word?

 a promise; "he gave his word" 

what is promise?

 a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do or not to do something in the future 

what is verbal?

 relating to or having facility in the use of words; "a good poet is a verbal artist"; "a merely verbal writer who sacrifices content to sound"; "verbal aptitude" 

what is merely?

 and nothing more; "I was merely asking"; "it is simply a matter of time"; "just a scratch"; "he was only a child"; "hopes that last but a moment" 

what is scratch?

 a harsh noise made by scraping; "the scrape of violin bows distracted her" 

what is scrape?

 scratch repeatedly; "The cat scraped at the armchair" 

what is armchair?

 remote from actual involvement; "armchair warriors in the Pentagon"; "an armchair anthropologist" 

what is Pentagon?

 a government building with five sides that serves as the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense 

what is headquarters?

 usually plural the military installation from which a commander performs the functions of command; "the general's headquarters were a couple of large tents" 

what is commander?

 a commissioned naval officer who ranks above a lieutenant commander and below a captain 

what is lieutenant?

 a commissioned military officer 

what is commissioned?

 of military officers; holding by virtue of a commission a rank of second lieutenant or ensign or above 

what is rank?

 conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible; "a crying shame"; "an egregious lie"; "flagrant violation of human rights"; "a glaring error"; "gross ineptitude"; "gross injustice"; "rank treachery" 

what is glaring?

 shining intensely; "the blazing sun"; "blinding headlights"; "dazzling snow"; "fulgent patterns of sunlight"; "the glaring sun" 

what is blazing?

 lighted up by or as by fire or flame; "forests set ablaze or afire by lightning"; "even the car's tires were aflame"; "a night aflare with fireworks"; "candles alight on the tables"; "blazing logs in the fireplace"; "a burning cigarette"; "a flaming crackling fire"; "houses on fire" 

what is flaming?

 very intense; "a fiery temper"; "flaming passions" 

what is fiery?

 characterized by intense emotion; "ardent love"; "an ardent lover"; "a burning enthusiasm"; "a fervent desire to change society"; "a fervent admirer"; "fiery oratory"; "an impassioned appeal"; "a torrid love affair" 

what is torrid?

 characterized by intense emotion; "ardent love"; "an ardent lover"; "a burning enthusiasm"; "a fervent desire to change society"; "a fervent admirer"; "fiery oratory"; "an impassioned appeal"; "a torrid love affair" 

what is fervent?

 extremely hot; "the fervent heat...merely communicated a genial warmth to their halftorpid systems" Nathaniel Hawthorne; "set out...when the fervid heat subsides" Frances Trollope 

what is fervid?

 extremely hot; "the fervent heat...merely communicated a genial warmth to their halftorpid systems" Nathaniel Hawthorne; "set out...when the fervid heat subsides" Frances Trollope 

what is genial?

 diffusing warmth and friendliness; "an affable smile"; "an amiable gathering"; "cordial relations"; "a cordial greeting"; "a genial host" 

what is cordial?

 showing warm and heartfelt friendliness; "gave us a cordial reception"; "a hearty welcome" 

what is hearty?

 providing abundant nourishment; "a hearty meal"; "good solid food"; "ate a substantial breakfast" 

what is substantial?

 being the essence or essential element of a thing; "substantial equivalents"; "substantive information" 

what is essence?

 the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience; "the gist of the prosecutor's argument"; "the heart and soul of the Republican Party"; "the nub of the story" 

what is prosecutor?

 a government official who conducts criminal prosecutions on behalf of the state 

what is government?

 the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit; "the government reduced taxes"; "the matter was referred to higher authorities" 

what is organization?

 the persons or committees or departments etc. who make up a body for the purpose of administering something; "he claims that the present administration is corrupt"; "the governance of an association is responsible to its members"; "he quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment" 

what is governance?

 the persons or committees or departments etc. who make up a body for the purpose of administering something; "he claims that the present administration is corrupt"; "the governance of an association is responsible to its members"; "he quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment" 

what is establishment?

 the cognitive process of establishing a valid proof 

what is valid?

 still legally acceptable; "the license is still valid"

what is license?

 the act of giving a formal usually written authorization 

what is formal?

 being in accord with established forms and conventions and requirements as e.g. of formal dress; "pay one's formal respects"; "formal dress"; "a formal ball"; "the requirement was only formal and often ignored"; "a formal education" 

what is requirement?

 something that is required in advance; "Latin was a prerequisite for admission" 

what is prerequisite?

 required as a prior condition or course of study n 

what is prior?

 the head of a religious order; in an abbey the prior is next below the abbot

what is abbot?

 the superior of an abbey of monks 

what is superior?

 the largest freshwater lake in the world; the deepest of the Great Lakes 

what is Great?

 remarkable or out of the ordinary in degree or magnitude or effect; "a great crisis"; "had a great stake in the outcome" 

what is outcome?

 a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon; "the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise"; "his decision had depressing consequences for business"; "he acted very wise after the event" 

what is magnetic?

 determined by earth's magnetic fields; "magnetic north"; "the needle of a magnetic compass points to the magnetic north pole" 

what is needle?

 a stylus that formerly made sound by following a groove in a phonograph record 

what is stylus?

 a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving; "he drew the design on the stencil with a steel stylus" 

what is stencil?

 device that has a sheet perforated with printing through which ink or paint can pass to create a printed pattern v 

what is sheet?

 come down as if in sheets; "The rain was sheeting down during the monsoon" 

what is monsoon?

 rainy season in southern Asia when the southwestern monsoon blows, bringing heavy rains 

what is southwestern?

 a dialect of Middle English 

what is dialect?

 the usage or vocabulary that is characteristic of a specific group of people; "the immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English"; "he has a strong German accent" 

what is usage?

 the act of using; "he warned against the use of narcotic drugs"; "skilled in the utilization of computers" 

what is utilization?

 the state of having been made use of; "the rate of utilization"

what is rate?

 the relative speed of progress or change; "he lived at a fast pace"; "he works at a great rate"; "the pace of events accelerated" 

what is pace?

 the distance covered by a step; "he stepped off ten paces from the old tree and began to dig" 

what is step?

 relative position in a graded series; "always a step behind"; "subtle gradations in color"; "keep in step with the fashions" 

what is fashions?

 consumer goods especially clothing in the current mode

what is current?

 a steady flow usually from natural causes; "the raft floated downstream on the current"; "he felt a stream of air" 

what is raft?

 travel by raft in water; "Raft the Colorado River" 

what is Colorado?

 a river in southwestern United States; rises in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado and flows southwest through Utah into Arizona where it flows through the Grand Canyon and then southward forming the border between California and Arizona and finally into Mexico where it empties into the Gulf of California; an important source of water in the southwestern United States 

what is Grand?

 of or befitting a lord; "heir to a lordly fortune"; "of august lineage" 

what is lordly?

 having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; "some economists are disdainful of their colleagues in other social disciplines"; "haughty aristocrats"; "his lordly manners were offensive"; "walked with a prideful swagger"; "very sniffy about breaches of etiquette"; "his mother eyed my clothes with a supercilious air"; "shaggy supercilious camels"; "a more swaggering mood than usual" W.L.Shirer 

what is prideful?

 joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success; "rejoicing crowds filled the streets on VJ Day"; "a triumphal success"; "a triumphant shout" 

what is triumphant?

 joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success; "rejoicing crowds filled the streets on VJ Day"; "a triumphal success"; "a triumphant shout" 

what is triumphal?

 relating to or celebrating a triumph; "a triumphal procession"; "a triumphal arch" 

what is triumph?

 a successful ending of a struggle or contest; "the general always gets credit for his army's victory"; "the agreement was a triumph for common sense" 

what is struggle?

 be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight; "the tribesmen fought each other"; "Siblings are always fighting" 

what is fight?

 exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for; "The liberal party pushed for reforms"; "She is crusading for women's rights"; "The Dean is pushing for his favorite candidate" 

what is crusade?

 go on a crusade; fight a holy war

what is holy?

 a sacred place of pilgrimage 

what is sacred?

 often followed by `to' devoted exclusively to a single use or purpose or person; "a fund sacred to charity"; "a morning hour sacred to study"; "a private office sacred to the President"

what is fund?

 provide a fund for the redemption of principal or payment of interest 

what is redemption?

 repayment of the principal amount of a debt or security at or before maturity as when a corporation repurchases its own stock 

what is principal?

 the original amount of a debt on which interest is calculated 

what is original?

 not derived or copied or translated from something else; "the play is original; not an adaptation"; "he kept the original copy and gave her only a xerox"; "the translation misses much of the subtlety of the original French" n 

what is subtlety?

 a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude; "without understanding the finer nuances you can't enjoy the humor"; "don't argue about shades of meaning" 

what is humor?

 the trait of appreciating and being able to express the humorous; "she didn't appreciate my humor"; "you can't survive in the army without a sense of humor" 

what is sense?

 the meaning of a word or expression; the way in which a word or expression or situation can be interpreted; "the dictionary gave several senses for the word"; "in the best sense charity is really a duty"; "the signifier is linked to the signified" 

what is signifier?

 the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something; "the inflected forms of a word can be represented by a stem and a list of inflections to be attached" 

what is stem?

 remove the stem from; "for automatic natural language processing, the words must be stemmed" [also

what is words?

 words making up the dialogue of a play; "the actor forgot his speech" 

what is actor?

 a person who acts and gets things done; "he's a principal actor in this affair"; "when you want something done get a doer"; "he's a miracle worker" 

what is doer?

 a person who acts and gets things done; "he's a principal actor in this affair"; "when you want something done get a doer"; "he's a miracle worker" 

what is miracle?

 a marvellous event manifesting a supernatural act of God

what is marvellous?

 extraordinarily good; used especially as intensifiers; "a fantastic trip to the Orient"; "the film was fantastic!"; "a howling success"; "a marvelous collection of rare books"; "had a rattling conversation about politics"; "a tremendous achievement" 

what is Orient?

 poetic eastern; "the orient sun" n 

what is orient?

 the hemisphere that includes Eurasia and Africa and Australia 

what is hemisphere?

 either half of the cerebrum 

what is cerebrum?

 anterior portion of the brain consisting of two hemispheres; dominant part of the brain in humans [also

what is brain?

 that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord 

what is spinal?

 anesthesia of the lower half of the body; caused by injury to the spinal cord or by injecting an anesthetic beneath the arachnoid membrane that surrounds the spinal cord 

what is arachnoid?

 the middle of the meninges 

what is middle?

 being neither at the beginning nor at the end in a series; "adolescence is an awkward inbetween age"; "in a mediate position"; "the middle point on a line" 

what is mediate?

 act between parties with a view to reconciling differences; "He interceded in the family dispute"; "He mediated a settlement" 

what is settlement?

 something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making; "the finally reached a settlement with the union"; "they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences"; "he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure" 

what is finally?

 as the end result of a succession or process; "ultimately he had to give in"; "at long last the winter was over" 

what is winter?

 spend the winter; "We wintered on the Riviera"

what is Riviera?

 a coastal area between La Spezia in Italy and Cannes in France; "the Riviera contains some of Europe's most popular resorts"

what is coastal?

 of or relating to a coast; "coastal erosion" 

what is coast?

 the act of moving smoothly along a surface while remaining in contact with it; "his slide didn't stop until the bottom of the hill"; "the children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope" 

what is snowy?

 marked by the presence of snow; "a white Christmas"; "the white hills of a northern winter" 

what is presence?

 the immediate proximity of someone or something; "she blushed in his presence"; "he sensed the presence of danger"; "he was well behaved in front of company" 

what is immediate?

 performed with little or no delay; "an immediate reply to my letter"; "prompt obedience"; "was quick to respond"; "a straightaway denial" 

what is straightaway?

 a straight segment of a roadway or racecourse 

what is straight?

 a heterosexual person; someone having a sexual orientation to persons of the opposite sex 

what is heterosexual?

 sexually attracted to members of the opposite sex 

what is opposite?

 being directly across from each other; facing; "And I on the opposite shore will be, ready to ride and spread the alarm" Longfellow; "we lived on opposite sides of the street"; "at opposite poles" 

what is alarm?

 fear resulting from the awareness of danger 

what is awareness?

 state of elementary or undifferentiated consciousness; "the crash intruded on his awareness" 

what is crash?

 a loud resonant repeating noise; "he could hear the clang of distant bells" 

what is clang?

 a loud resonant repeating noise; "he could hear the clang of distant bells" 

what is loud?

 used chiefly as a direction or description in music; "the forte passages in the composition" 

what is forte?

 the stronger part of a sword blade between the hilt and the foible adv 

what is stronger?

 freshly made or left; "a warm trail"; "the scent is warm" 

what is warm?

 of a seeker; near to the object sought; "you're getting warm"; "hot on the trail" 

what is seeker?

 someone making a search or inquiry; "they are seekers after truth" 

what is search?

 the examination of alternative hypotheses; "his search for a move that would avoid checkmate was unsuccessful" 

what is examination?

 a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge; "when the test was stolen the professor had to make a new set of questions" 

what is test?

 trying something to find out about it; "a sample for ten days free trial"; "a trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain" 

what is pain?

 a bothersome annoying person; "that kid is a terrible pain" 

what is bothersome?

 causing irritation or annoyance; "tapping an annoying rhythm on his glass with his fork"; "aircraft noise is particularly bothersome near the airport"; "found it galling to have to ask permission"; "an irritating delay"; "nettlesome paperwork"; "a pesky mosquito"; "swarms of pestering gnats"; "a plaguey newfangled safety catch"; "a teasing and persistent thought annoyed him"; "a vexatious child"; "it is vexing to have to admit you are wrong" 

what is pesky?

 causing irritation or annoyance; "tapping an annoying rhythm on his glass with his fork"; "aircraft noise is particularly bothersome near the airport"; "found it galling to have to ask permission"; "an irritating delay"; "nettlesome paperwork"; "a pesky mosquito"; "swarms of pestering gnats"; "a plaguey newfangled safety catch"; "a teasing and persistent thought annoyed him"; "a vexatious child"; "it is vexing to have to admit you are wrong" 

what is plaguey?

 causing irritation or annoyance; "tapping an annoying rhythm on his glass with his fork"; "aircraft noise is particularly bothersome near the airport"; "found it galling to have to ask permission"; "an irritating delay"; "nettlesome paperwork"; "a pesky mosquito"; "swarms of pestering gnats"; "a plaguey newfangled safety catch"; "a teasing and persistent thought annoyed him"; "a vexatious child"; "it is vexing to have to admit you are wrong" 

what is vexatious?

 causing irritation or annoyance; "tapping an annoying rhythm on his glass with his fork"; "aircraft noise is particularly bothersome near the airport"; "found it galling to have to ask permission"; "an irritating delay"; "nettlesome paperwork"; "a pesky mosquito"; "swarms of pestering gnats"; "a plaguey newfangled safety catch"; "a teasing and persistent thought annoyed him"; "a vexatious child"; "it is vexing to have to admit you are wrong" 

what is teasing?

 playfully vexing especially by ridicule; "his face wore a somewhat quizzical almost impertinent air" Lawrence Durrell 

what is somewhat?

 to a moderately sufficient extent or degree; "the shoes are priced reasonably"; "he is fairly clever with computers"; "they lived comfortably within reason" 

what is moderately?

 in a moderate manner; "he drinks moderately" 

what is moderate?

 preside over; "John moderated the discussion" 

what is discussion?

 an extended communication often interactive dealing with some particular topic; "the book contains an excellent discussion of modal logic"; "his treatment of the race question is badly biased" 

what is race?

 any competition; "the race for the presidency" 

what is presidency?

 the tenure of a president; "things were quiet during the Eisenhower administration" 

what is tenure?

 the term during which some position is held 

what is term?

 one of the substantive phrases in a logical proposition; "the major term of a syllogism must occur twice" 

what is syllogism?

 deductive reasoning in which a conclusion is derived from two premises

what is conclusion?

 a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration; "a decision unfavorable to the opposition"; "his conclusion took the evidence into account"; "satisfied with the panel's determination" 

what is opposition?

 the act of opposing groups confronting each other; "the government was not ready for a confrontation with the unions"; "the invaders encountered stiff opposition" 

what is confrontation?

 discord resulting from a clash of ideas or opinions 

what is clash?

 a state of conflict between colors; "her dress was a disturbing clash of colors" 

what is disturbing?

 causing distress or worry or anxiety; "distressing or disturbing news"; "lived in heroic if something distressful isolation"; "a disturbing amount of crime"; "a revelation that was most perturbing"; "a new and troubling thought"; "in a particularly worrisome predicament"; "a worrying situation"; "a worrying time" 

what is revelation?

 the last book of the New Testament; contains visionary descriptions of heaven and of conflicts between good and evil and of the end of the world; attributed to Saint John the apostle 

what is apostle?

 any important early teacher of Christianity or a Christian missionary to a people 

what is Christian?

 a religious person who believes Jesus is the Christ and who is a member of a Christian denomination

what is Christ?

 a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity circa BC AD 

what is basis?

 a relation that provides the foundation for something; "they were on a friendly footing"; "he worked on an interim basis" 

what is foundation?

 lowest support of a structure; "it was built on a base of solid rock"; "he stood at the foot of the tower" 

what is tower?

 appear very large or occupy a commanding position; "The huge sculpture predominates over the fountain"; "Large shadows loomed on the canyon wall" 

what is fountain?

 a plumbing fixture that provides a flow of water 

what is flow?

 the monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of nonpregnant women from puberty to menopause; "the women were sickly and subject to excessive menstruation"; "a woman does not take the gout unless her menses be stopped"Hippocrates; "the semen begins to appear in males and to be emitted at the same time of life that the catamenia begin to flow in females"Aristotle 

what is semen?

 the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract 

what is thick?

 spoken as if with a thick tongue; "the thick speech of a drunkard"; "his words were slurred" 

what is drunkard?

 a chronic drinker 

what is chronic?

 having a habit of long standing; "a chronic smoker" 

what is habit?

 religion a distinctive attire as the costume of a religious order 

what is costume?

 the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball; "he won the prize for best costume" 

what is fancy?

 a predisposition to like something; "he had a fondness for whiskey" 

what is predisposition?

 susceptibility to a pathogen 

what is pathogen?

 any diseaseproducing agent especially a virus or bacterium or other microorganism

what is virus?

 a software program capable of reproducing itself and usually capable of causing great harm to files or other programs on the same computer; "a true virus cannot spread to another computer without human assistance" 

what is software?

 computer science written programs or procedures or rules and associated documentation pertaining to the operation of a computer system and that are stored in read/write memory; "the market for software is expected to expand" 

what is market?

 a marketplace where groceries are sold; "the grocery store included a meat market" 

what is grocery?

 a marketplace where groceries are sold; "the grocery store included a meat market" 

what is marketplace?

 an area in a town where a public mercantile establishment is set up 

what is town?

 an administrative division of a county; "the town is responsible for snow removal" 

what is county?

 a region created by territorial division for the purpose of local government; "the county has a population of , people" 

what is purpose?

 an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions; "his intent was to provide a new translation"; "good intentions are not enough"; "it was created with the conscious aim of answering immediate needs"; "he made no secret of his designs" 

what is conscious?

 followed by `of' showing realization or recognition of something; "few voters seem conscious of the issue's importance"; "conscious of having succeeded"; "the careful tread of one conscious of his alcoholic load" Thomas Hardy 

what is careful?

 exercising caution or showing care or attention; "they were careful when crossing the busy street"; "be careful to keep her shoes clean"; "did very careful research"; "careful art restorers"; "careful of the rights of others"; "careful about one's behavior" 

what is busy?

 of facilities such as telephones or lavatories unavailable for use by anyone else or indicating unavailability; `engaged' is a British term for a busy telephone line; "her line is busy"; "receptionists' telephones are always engaged"; "the lavatory is in use"; "kept getting a busy signal" 

what is lavatory?

 a bathroom or lavatory sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you wash your hands and face; "he ran some water in the basin and splashed it on his face" 

what is bathroom?

 a room as in a residence containing a bath or shower and usually a washbasin and toilet 

what is bath?

 a room as in a residence containing a bath or shower and usually a washbasin and toilet 

what is washbasin?

 a bathroom or lavatory sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you wash your hands and face; "he ran some water in the basin and splashed it on his face" 

what is basin?

 a bowlshaped vessel; usually used for holding food or liquids; "she mixed the dough in a large basin" 

what is bowlshaped?

 having a concave shape with an open top like a bowl

what is bowl?

 a wooden ball with flattened sides used in the game of bowls 

what is wooden?

 made or consisting of entirely or in part or employing wood; "a wooden box"; "an ancient cart with wooden wheels"; "wood houses"; "a wood fire" 

what is wood?

 the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees 

what is bark?

 speak in an unfriendly tone; "She barked into the dictaphone" 

what is dictaphone?

 a tape recorder that records and reproduces dictation

what is tape?

 a recording made on magnetic tape; "the several recordings were combined on a master tape" 

what is several?

 used with count nouns of an indefinite number more than or but not many; "several letters came in the mail"; "several people were injured in the accident" 

what is mail?

 the system whereby messages are transmitted via the post office; "the mail handles billions of items every day"; "he works for the United States mail service"; "in England they call mail `the post'" 

what is post?

 put up; "post a sign"; "post a warning at the dump" 

what is dump?

 drop in a heap or mass 

what is heap?

 fill to overflow; "heap the platter with potatoes"

what is platter?

 sound recording consisting of a disc with continuous grooves; formerly used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracked in the grooves 

what is disc?

 computer science a memory device consisting of a flat disk covered with a magnetic coating on which information is stored 

what is memory?

 the area of cognitive psychology that studies memory processes; "he taught a graduate course on learning and memory"

what is graduate?

 make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring; "calibrate an instrument"; "graduate a cylinder" 

what is cylinder?

 a solid bounded by a cylindrical surface and two parallel planes the bases 

what is bases?

 electronics the part of a transistor that separates the emitter from the collector v 

what is collector?

 a crater that has collected cosmic material hitting the earth 

what is crater?

 a bowlshaped depression formed by the impact of a meteorite or bomb

what is impact?

 a forceful consequence; a strong effect; "the book had an important impact on my thinking"; "the book packs a wallop" 

what is wallop?

 a forceful consequence; a strong effect; "the book had an important impact on my thinking"; "the book packs a wallop" 

what is forceful?

 forceful and definite in expression or action; "the document contained a particularly emphatic guarantee of religious liberty" 

what is particularly?

 uniquely or characteristically; "these peculiarly cinematic elements"; "a peculiarly French phenomenon"; "everyone has a moment in history which belongs particularly to him" John Knowles 

what is peculiarly?

 to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common; "he was particularly fussy about spelling"; "a particularly gruesome attack"; "under peculiarly tragic circumstances"; "an especially or specially cautious approach to the danger" 

what is distinctly?

 in a distinct and distinguishable manner; "the subtleties of this distinctly British occasion" 

what is distinct?

 constituting a separate entity or part; "a government with three discrete divisions"; "on two distinct occasions" 

what is separate?

 a separately printed article that originally appeared in a larger publication 

what is separately?

 apart from others; "taken individually, the rooms were, in fact, square"; "the fine points are treated singly" 

what is fine?

 money extracted as a penalty 

what is penalty?

 games a handicap or disadvantage that is imposed on a competitor or a team for an infraction of the rules of the game

what is handicap?

 the condition of being unable to perform as a consequence of physical or mental unfitness; "reading disability"; "hearing impairment" 

what is consequence?

 having important effects or influence; "decisions of great consequence are made by the president himself"; "virtue is of more moment that security" 

what is president?

 the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization; "address your remarks to the chairperson" 

what is chairperson?

 the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization; "address your remarks to the chairperson" 

what is officer?

 any person in the armed services who holds a position of authority or command; "an officer is responsible for the lives of his men" 

what is lives?

 the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from nonliving ones; "there is no life on the moon" 

what is organic?

 relating or belonging to the class of chemical compounds having a carbon basis; "hydrocarbons are organic compounds" 

what is carbon?

 a thin paper coated on one side with a dark waxy substance often containing carbon; used to transfer characters from the original to an under sheet of paper 

what is dark?

 an unilluminated area; "he moved off into the darkness" 

what is darkness?

 a swarthy complexion 

what is swarthy?

 naturally having skin of a dark color; "a darkskinned beauty"; "gold earrings gleamed against her dusky cheeks"; "a smile on his swarthy face"; "`swart' is archaic" 

what is smile?

 a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement 

what is mouth?

 the externally visible part of the oral cavity on the face and the system of organs surrounding the opening; "she wiped lipstick from her mouth" 

what is externally?

 on or from the outside; "the candidate needs to be externally evaluated" 

what is candidate?

 a politician who is running for public office 

what is politician?

 a leader engaged in civil administration 

what is leader?

 a featured article of merchandise sold at a loss in order to draw customers 

what is featured?

 made a feature or highlight; given prominence; "a featured actor"; "a featured item at the sale" 

what is sale?

 an agreement or contract in which property is transferred from the seller vendor to the buyer vendee for a fixed price in money paid or agreed to be paid by the buyer; "the salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office" 

what is fixed?

 mended or put in working order; "a reconditioned sewing machine"; "a repaired vacuum cleaner"; "the broken lock is now fixed" 

what is reconditioned?

 mended or put in working order; "a reconditioned sewing machine"; "a repaired vacuum cleaner"; "the broken lock is now fixed" 

what is repaired?

 mended or put in working order; "a reconditioned sewing machine"; "a repaired vacuum cleaner"; "the broken lock is now fixed" 

what is broken?

 any frame in which a bowler fails to make a strike or spare; "the break in the eighth frame cost him the match" 

what is bowler?

 a hat that is round and black and hard with a narrow brim; worn by some British businessmen 

what is narrow?

 characterized by painstaking care and detailed examination; "a minute inspection of the grounds"; "a narrow scrutiny"; "an exact and minute report" 

what is minute?

 infinitely or immeasurably small; "two minute whiplike threads of protoplasm"; "reduced to a microscopic scale" 

what is microscopic?

 too small to be seen except under a microscope 

what is microscope?

 magnifier of the image of small objects; "the invention of the microscope led to the discovery of the cell"

what is image?

 language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense 

what is figurative?

 consisting of or forming human or animal figures; "a figural design"; "the figurative art of the humanistic tradition" Herbert Read 

what is figural?

 consisting of or forming human or animal figures; "a figural design"; "the figurative art of the humanistic tradition" Herbert Read 

what is humanistic?

 of or pertaining to a philosophy asserting human dignity and man's capacity for fulfillment through reason and scientific method and often rejecting religion; "the humanist belief in continuous emergent evolution" Wendell Thomas 

what is humanist?

 pertaining to or concerned with the humanities; "humanistic studies"; "a humane education" 

what is humane?

 marked or motivated by concern with the alleviation of suffering 

what is alleviation?

 the act of reducing something unpleasant as pain or annoyance; "he asked the nurse for relief from the constant pain" 

what is nurse?

 one skilled in caring for young children or the sick usually under the supervision of a physician 

what is sick?

 eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth; "After drinking too much, the students vomited"; "He purged continuously"; "The patient regurgitated the food we gave him last night" 

what is stomach?

 the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis 

what is pelvis?

 a structure shaped like a funnel in the outlet of the kidney into which urine is discharged before passing into the ureter 

what is outlet?

 receptacle providing a place in a wiring system where current can be taken to run electrical devices 

what is wiring?

 a circuit of wires for the distribution of electricity 

what is circuit?

 a racetrack for automobile races 

what is racetrack?

 a course over which races are run 

what is course?

 a connected series of events or actions or developments; "the government took a firm course"; "historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available" 

what is connected?

 wired together to an alarm system; "all the window alarms are connected" 

what is window?

 the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something; "the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves"; "they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded" 

what is thieves?

 a criminal who takes property belonging to someone else with the intention of keeping it or selling it 

what is intention?

 an act of intending; a volition that you intend to carry out; "my intention changed once I saw her"

what is volition?

 the capability of conscious choice and decision and intention; "the exercise of their volition we construe as revolt" George Meredith 

what is exercise?

 a task performed or problem solved in order to develop skill or understanding; "you must work the examples at the end of each chapter in the textbook" 

what is textbook?

 according to or characteristic of a casebook or textbook; typical; "a casebook schizophrenic"; "a textbook example" 

what is casebook?

 a book in which detailed written records of a case are kept and which are a source of information for subsequent work

what is case?

 the housing or outer covering of something; "the clock has a walnut case" 

what is walnut?

 nut of any of various walnut trees having a wrinkled twolobed seed with a hard shell 

what is hard?

 very near or close in space or time; "it stands hard by the railroad tracks"; "they were hard on his heels"; "a strike followed hard upon the plant's opening" 

what is railroad?

 line that is the commercial organization responsible for operating a railway system 

what is railway?

 a line of track providing a runway for wheels; "he walked along the railroad track" 

what is runway?

 a strip of level paved surface where planes can take off and land

what is strip?

 strip the cured leaves from; "strip tobacco" 

what is cured?

 freed from illness or injury; "the patient appears cured"; "the incision is healed"; "appears to be entirely recovered"; "when the recovered patient tries to remember what occurred during his delirium" Normon Cameron 

what is incision?

 a depression scratched or carved into a surface 

what is surface?

 the outermost level of the land or sea; "earthquakes originate far below the surface"; "three quarters of the Earth's surface is covered by water" 

what is outermost?

 situated at the farthest possible point from a center 

what is farthest?

 comparatives of `far' most remote in space or time or order; "had traveled to the farthest frontier"; "don't go beyond the farthermost or furthermost tree"; "explored the furthest reaches of space"; "the utmost tip of the peninsula" 

what is furthest?

 to the greatest degree or extent or most advanced stage `furthest' is used more often than `farthest' in this abstract sense; "went the furthest of all the children in her education"; "furthest removed from reality"; "she goes farthest in helping us" 

what is children?

 a human offspring son or daughter of any age; "they had three children"; "they were able to send their kids to college" 

what is human?

 relating to a person; "the experiment was conducted on monkeys and human subjects" 

what is experiment?

 the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation 

what is controlled?

 handle and cause to function; "do not operate machinery after imbibing alcohol"; "control the lever" 

what is lever?

 a rigid bar pivoted about a fulcrum 

what is fulcrum?

 the pivot about which a lever turns [also

what is pivot?

 the act of turning on or as if on a pivot; "the golfer went to the driving range to practice his pivot" v 

what is driving?

 hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver; "he sliced his drive out of bounds" 

what is driver?

 the operator of a motor vehicle 

what is operator?

 mathematics a symbol that represents a function from functions to functions; "the integral operator" 

what is integral?

 existing as an essential constituent or characteristic; "the Ptolemaic system with its builtin concept of periodicity"; "a constitutional inability to tell the truth" 

what is constitutional?

 of or relating to a constitution; "constitutional amendments" 

what is constitution?

 United States gun frigate that was one of the first three naval ships built by the United States; it won brilliant victories over British frigates during the War of and is without doubt the most famous ship in the history of the United States Navy; it has been rebuilt and is anchored in the Charlestown Navy Yard in Boston 

what is history?

 the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future; "all of human history" 

what is continuum?

 a continuous nonspatial whole or extent or succession in which no part or portion is distinct of distinguishable from adjacent parts [also

what is continuous?

 continuing in time or space without interruption; "a continuous rearrangement of electrons in the solar atoms results in the emission of light" James Jeans; "a continuous bout of illness lasting six months"; "lived in continuous fear"; "a continuous row of warehouses"; "a continuous line has no gaps or breaks in it"; "moving midweek holidays to the nearest Monday or Friday allows uninterrupted work weeks" 

what is emission?

 any of several bodily processes by which substances go out of the body; "the discharge of pus" 

what is discharge?

 the pouring forth of a fluid 

what is pouring?

 flowing profusely; "a gushing hydrant"; "pouring flood waters" 

what is gushing?

 uttered with unrestrained enthusiasm; "a novel told in burbly panting tones" 

what is novel?

 a extended fictional work in prose; usually in the form of a story 

what is story?

 a short account of the news; "the report of his speech"; "the story was on the o'clock news"; "the account of his speech that was given on the evening news made the governor furious" 

what is account?

 a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc.; "the explanation was very simple"; "I expected a brief account" 

what is relevant?

 having a bearing on or connection with the subject at issue; "the scientist corresponds with colleagues in order to learn about matters relevant to her own research" 

what is bearing?

 of a structural member withstanding a weight or strain 

what is structural?

 relating to or caused by structure, especially political or economic structure; "structural unemployment in a technological society" 

what is technological?

 of or relating to a practical subject that is organized according to scientific principles; "technical college"; "technological development" 

what is practical?

 being actually such in almost every respect; "a practical failure"; "the once elegant temple lay in virtual ruin" 

what is once?

 at a previous time; "once he loved her"; "her erstwhile writing" 

what is previous?

 too soon or too hasty; "our condemnation of him was a bit previous"; "a premature judgment" 

what is premature?

 born after a gestation period of less than the normal time; "a premature infant" 

what is gestation?

 the conception and development of an idea or plan

what is conception?

 the act of becoming pregnant; fertilization of an ovum by a spermatozoon 

what is spermatozoon?

 the male reproductive cell; the male gamete; "a sperm is mostly a nucleus surrounded by little other cellular material" 

what is sperm?

 the male reproductive cell; the male gamete; "a sperm is mostly a nucleus surrounded by little other cellular material" 

what is nucleus?

 the positively charged dense center of an atom 

what is positively?

 so as to be positive; in a positive manner; "she intended her remarks to be interpreted positively"

what is positive?

 involving advantage or good; "a plus or positive factor" 

what is plus?

 the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of two or more numbers; "the summation of four and three gives seven"; "four plus three equals seven" 

what is arithmetic?

 the branch of pure mathematics dealing with the theory of numerical calculations

what is theory?

 a tentative theory about the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena; "a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory"; "he proposed a fresh theory of alkalis that later was accepted in chemical practices" 

what is scientific?

 of or relating to the practice of science; "scientific journals" 

what is practice?

 a customary way of operation or behavior; "it is their practice to give annual raises"; "they changed their dietary pattern" 

what is customary?

 in accordance with convention or custom; "sealed the deal with the customary handshake" 

what is deal?

 a plank of softwood fir or pine board 

what is plank?

 an endorsed policy in the platform of a political party v 

what is platform?

 a raised horizontal surface; "the speaker mounted the platform" 

what is raised?

 above the surround or above the normal position; "a raised design"; "raised eyebrows" 

what is surround?

 envelop completely; "smother the meat in gravy" 

what is meat?

 the inner and usually edible part of a seed or grain or nut or fruit stone; "black walnut kernels are difficult to get out of the shell" 

what is shell?

 the hard largely calcareous covering of a mollusc v 

what is mollusc?

 invertebrate having a soft unsegmented body usually enclosed in a shell 

what is soft?

 of speech sounds; characterized by a hissing or hushing sound as `s' and `sh' 

what is hissing?

 a fricative sound especially as an expression of disapproval; "the performers could not be heard over the hissing of the audience" 

what is fricative?

 a continuant consonant produced by breath moving against a narrowing of the vocal tract 

what is continuant?

 consonant articulated by constricting but not closing the vocal tract 

what is vocal?

 relating to or designed for or using the singing voice; "vocal technique"; "the vocal repertoire"; "organized a vocal group to sing his compositions" 

what is singing?

 make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound; "the kettle was singing"; "the bullet sang past his ear" 

what is kettle?

 a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it 

what is drumhead?

 performed speedily and without formality; "a summary execution"; "summary justice" 

what is summary?

 briefly giving the gist of something; "a short and compendious book"; "a compact style is brief and pithy"; "succinct comparisons"; "a summary formulation of a wideranging subject" 

what is gist?

 the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience; "the gist of the prosecutor's argument"; "the heart and soul of the Republican Party"; "the nub of the story" 

what is Republican?

 having the supreme power lying in the body of citizens entitled to vote for officers and representatives responsible to them or characteristic of such government; "the United States shall guarantee to every state in this union a republican form of government" United States Constitution; "a very republican notion"; "so little republican and so much aristocratic sentiment" Philip Marsh; "our republican and artistic simplicity"Nathaniel Hawthorne n 

what is republican?

 a tributary of the Kansas River that flows from eastern Colorado eastward through Nebraska and Kansas 

what is Kansas?

 a river in northeastern Kansas; flows eastward to become a tributary of the Missouri River 

what is Missouri?

 a member of the Siouan people formerly inhabiting the valley of the Missouri river in Missouri 

what is valley?

 a long depression in the surface of the land that usually contains a river 

what is land?

 bring ashore; "The drug smugglers landed the heroin on the beach of the island" 

what is heroin?

 a narcotic that is considered a hard drug; a highly addictive morphine derivative; intravenous injection provides the fastest and most intense rush 

what is narcotic?

 a drug that produces numbness or stupor; often taken for pleasure or to reduce pain; extensive use can lead to addiction

what is drug?

 administer a drug to; "They drugged the kidnapped tourist" 

what is kidnapped?

 take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom; "The industrialist's son was kidnapped" 

what is ransom?

 money demanded for the return of a captured person 

what is return?

 pass down; "render a verdict"; "deliver a judgment" 

what is verdict?

 law the findings of a jury on issues of fact submitted to it for decision; can be used in formulating a judgment 

what is judgment?

 the legal document stating the reasons for a judicial decision; "opinions are usually written by a single judge" 

what is judicial?

 belonging or appropriate to the office of a judge; "judicial robes" 

what is judge?

 put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of; "The football star was tried for the murder of his wife"; "The judge tried both father and son in separate trials" 

what is murder?

 alter so as to make unrecognizable; "The tourists murdered the French language" 

what is French?

 United States sculptor who created the seated marble figure of Abraham Lincoln in the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. 

what is Lincoln?

 th President of the United States; saved the Union during the Civil War and emancipated the slaves; was assassinated by Booth 

what is Union?

 the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes; "the casual couplings of adolescents"; "the mating of some species occurs only in the spring" 

what is mating?

 the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes; "the casual couplings of adolescents"; "the mating of some species occurs only in the spring" 

what is casual?

 employed in a specified capacity from time to time; "casual employment"; "a casual correspondence with a former teacher"; "an occasional worker" 

what is specified?

 design or destine; "She was intended to become the director" 

what is director?

 someone who supervises the actors and directs the action in the production of a show 

what is show?

 establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment; "The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound"; "The mathematician showed the validity of the conjecture" 

what is conjecture?

 a hypothesis that has been formed by speculating or conjecturing usually with little hard evidence; "speculations about the outcome of the election"; "he dismissed it as mere conjecture" 

what is election?

 a vote to select the winner of a position or political office; "the results of the election will be announced tonight" 

what is vote?

 the opinion of a group as determined by voting; "they put the question to a vote" 

what is opinion?

 a belief or sentiment shared by most people; the voice of the people; "he asked for a poll of public opinion" 

what is poll?

 a tame parrot 

what is tame?

 very docile; "tame obedience"; "meek as a mouse" Langston Hughes 

what is mouse?

 a handoperated electronic device that controls the coordinates of a cursor on your computer screen as you move it around on a pad; on the bottom of the mouse is a ball that rolls on the surface of the pad; "a mouse takes much more room than a trackball" 

what is trackball?

 an electronic device consisting of a rotatable ball in a housing; used to position the cursor and move images on a computer screen; "a trackball is essentially an upsidedown mouse"

what is housing?

 a protective cover designed to contain or support a mechanical component 

what is protective?

 showing a care; "a caring mother" 

what is caring?

 showing a care; "a caring mother" 

what is care?

 activity involved in maintaining something in good working order; "he wrote the manual on car care" 

what is manual?

 military a prescribed drill in handling a rifle 

what is rifle?

 a shoulder firearm with a long barrel and a rifled bore; "he lifted the rifle to his shoulder and fired" v 

what is rifled?

 of a firearm; having rifling or internal spiral grooves inside the barrel 

what is barrel?

 a tube through which a bullet travels when a gun is fired 

what is bullet?

 baseball a pitch thrown with maximum velocity; "he swung late on the fastball"; "he showed batters nothing but smoke" 

what is fastball?

 baseball a pitch thrown with maximum velocity; "he swung late on the fastball"; "he showed batters nothing but smoke" 

what is pitch?

 any of various dark heavy viscid substances obtained as a residue 

what is residue?

 something left after other parts have been taken away; "there was no remainder"; "he threw away the rest"; "he took what he wanted and I got the balance" 

what is balance?

 a wheel that regulates the rate of movement in a machine; especially a wheel oscillating against the hairspring of a timepiece to regulate its beat 

what is hairspring?

 a fine spiral spring that regulates the movement of the balance wheel in a timepiece

what is movement?

 a group of people with a common ideology who try together to achieve certain general goals; "he was a charter member of the movement"; "politicians have to respect a mass movement"; "he led the national liberation front" 

what is charter?

 hold under a lease or rental agreement; of goods and services 

what is lease?

 engage for service under a term of contract; "We took an apartment on a quiet street"; "Let's rent a car"; "Shall we take a guide in Rome?" 

what is guide?

 a model or standard for making comparisons 

what is model?

 a simplified description of a complex entity or process; "the computer program was based on a model of the circulatory and respiratory systems" 

what is simplified?

 make simpler or easier or reduce in complxity or extent; "We had to simplify the instructions"; "this move will simplify our lives" 

what is instructions?

 a manual usually accompanying a technical device and explaining how to install or operate it 

what is technical?

 characterizing or showing skill in or specialized knowledge of applied arts and sciences; "a technical problem"; "highly technical matters hardly suitable for the general public"; "a technical report"; "producing the Abomb was a challenge to the technical people of this country"; "technical training"; "technical language" 

what is Abomb?

 a nuclear weapon in which enormous energy is released by nuclear fission splitting the nuclei of a heavy element like uranium or plutonium 

what is nuclei?

 a small group of indispensable persons or things; "five periodicals make up the core of their publishing program" 

what is core?

 the chamber of a nuclear reactor containing the fissile material where the reaction takes place 

what is fissile?

 capable of being split or cleft or divided in the direction of the grain; "fissile crystals"; "fissile wood" 

what is grain?

 / pound; equals a troy grain or . milligrams 

what is troy?

 a system of weights used for precious metals and gemstones; based on a ounce pound and an ounce of grains 

what is ounce?

 a unit of apothecary weight equal to grains or one twelfth of a pound 

what is pound?

 the basic unit of money in the Sudan; equal to piasters 

what is Sudan?

 a region of northern Africa south of the Sahara and Libyan deserts; extends from the Atlantic to the Red Sea 

what is Atlantic?

 the nd largest ocean; separates North and South America on the west from Europe and Africa on the east 

what is west?

 English painter born in America who became the second president of the Royal Academy 

what is Royal?

 a sail set next above the topgallant on a royal mast 

what is topgallant?

 a mast fixed to the head of a topmast on a squarerigged vessel 

what is topmast?

 the mast next above a lower mast and topmost in a foreandaft rig

what is mast?

 a vertical spar for supporting sails 

what is vertical?

 at right angles to the plane of the horizon or a base line; "a vertical camera angle"; "the monument consists of two vertical pillars supporting a horizontal slab"; "measure the perpendicular height" 

what is perpendicular?

 intersecting at or forming right angles; "the axes are perpendicular to each other" 

what is axes?

 an edge tool with a heavy bladed head mounted across a handle 

what is heavy?

 of an actor or role being or playing the villain; "Iago is the heavy role in `Othello'" 

what is villain?

 the principle bad character in a film or work of fiction 

what is principle?

 a rule or law concerning a natural phenomenon or the function of a complex system; "the principle of the conservation of mass"; "the principle of jet propulsion"; "the righthand rule for inductive fields" 

what is conservation?

 physics the maintenance of a certain quantities unchanged during chemical reactions or physical transformations

what is certain?

 exercising or taking care great enough to bring assurance; "be certain to disconnect the iron when you are through"; "be sure to lock the doors" 

what is iron?

 a heavy ductile magnetic metallic element; is silverwhite in pure form but readily rusts; used in construction and tools and armament; plays a role in the transport of oxygen by the blood 

what is transport?

 a mechanism that transport magnetic tape across the read/write heads of a tape playback/recorder 

what is read?

 look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed; "The King will read the proclamation at noon" 

what is proclamation?

 a formal public statement; "the government made an announcement about changes in the drug war"; "a declaration of independence" 

what is declaration?

 contract bridge the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make 

what is highest?

 approaching or constituting a maximum; "maximal temperature"; "maximum speed"; "working at peak efficiency" 

what is maximum?

 the point on a curve where the tangent changes from positive on the left to negative on the right 

what is tangent?

 ratio of the opposite to the adjacent side of a rightangled triangle 

what is adjacent?

 nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening space; "had adjacent rooms"; "in the next room"; "the person sitting next to me"; "our rooms were side by side" 

what is next?

 immediately following in time or order; "the following day"; "next in line"; "the next president"; "the next item on the list" 

what is following?

 going or proceeding or coming after in the same direction; "the crowd of following cars made the occasion seem like a parade"; "tried to outrun the following footsteps" 

what is occasion?

 a vaguely specified social event; "the party was quite an affair"; "an occasion arranged to honor the president"; "a seemingly endless round of social functions" 

what is seemingly?

 from appearances alone; "irrigation often produces bumper crops from apparently desert land"; "the child is seemingly healthy but the doctor is concerned"; "had been ostensibly frank as to his purpose while really concealing it"Thomas Hardy; "on the face of it the problem seems minor" 

what is doctor?

 Roman Catholic Church a title conferred on saints who distinguished themselves through the othodoxy of their theological teaching; "the Doctors of the Church greatly influenced Christian thought down to the late Middle Ages" 

what is Church?

 the body of people who attend or belong to a particular local church; "our church is hosting a picnic next week" v 

what is picnic?

 eat alfresco, in the open air; "We picnicked near the lake on this gorgeous Sunday" [also

what is open?

 afford access to; "the door opens to the patio"; "The French doors give onto a terrace" 

what is patio?

 usually paved outdoor area adjoining a residence 

what is residence?

 the official house or establishment of an important person as a sovereign or president; "he refused to live in the governor's residence" 

what is governor?

 a control that maintains a steady speed in a machine as by controlling the supply of fuel 

what is control?

 lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits; "moderate your alcohol intake"; "hold your tongue"; "hold your temper"; "control your anger" 

what is intensity?

 the amount of energy transmitted as by acoustic or electromagnetic radiation; "he adjusted the intensity of the sound"; "they measured the station's signal strength" 

what is station?

 the position where someone as a guard or sentry stands or is assigned to stand; "a soldier manned the entrance post"; "a sentry station" 

what is guard?

 take precautions in order to avoid some unwanted consequence; "guard against becoming too friendly with the staff"; "guard against infection"

what is staff?

 a strong rod or stick with a specialized utilitarian purpose; "he walked with the help of a wooden staff" 

what is help?

 the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose; "he gave me an assist with the housework"; "could not walk without assistance"; "rescue party went to their aid"; "offered his help in unloading" 

what is need?

 require as useful, just, or proper; "It takes nerve to do what she did"; "success usually requires hard work"; "This job asks a lot of patience and skill"; "This position demands a lot of personal sacrifice"; "This dinner calls for a spectacular dessert"; "This intervention does not postulates a patient's consent" 

what is patient?

 the semantic role of an entity that is not the agent but is directly involved in or affected by the happening denoted by the verb in the clause 

what is agent?

 a representative who acts on behalf of other persons or organizations 

what is representative?

 an item of information that is representative of a type; "this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome"; "there is an example on page " 

what is syndrome?

 a pattern of symptoms indicative of some disease

what is pattern?

 something regarded as a normative example; "the convention of not naming the main character"; "violence is the rule not the exception"; "his formula for impressing visitors" 

what is exception?

 an instance that does not conform to a rule or generalization; "all her children were brilliant; the only exception was her last child"; "an exception tests the rule" 

what is rule?

 the duration of a monarch's or government's power; "during the rule of Elizabeth" 

what is duration?

 continuance in time; "the ceremony was of short duration"; "he complained about the length of time required" 

what is ceremony?

 any activity that is performed in an especially solemn elaborate or formal way; "the ceremony of smelling the cork and tasting the wine"; "he makes a ceremony of addressing his golf ball"; "he disposed of it without ceremony" 

what is cork?

 the plug in the mouth of a bottle especially a wine bottle 

what is plug?

 an electrical device with two or three pins that is inserted in a socket to make an electrical connection 

what is socket?

 receptacle where something a pipe or probe or end of a bone is inserted 

what is bone?

 remove the bones from; "bone the turkey before roasting it" 

what is bones?

 a percussion instrument consisting of a pair of hollow pieces of wood or bone usually held between the thumb and fingers that are made to click together as by Spanish dancers in rhythm with the dance 

what is thumb?

 the thick short innermost digit of the forelimb 

what is forelimb?

 the front limb or homologous structure in other animals such as a flipper or wing

what is flipper?

 a shoe for swimming; the paddlelike front is an aid in swimming especially underwater 

what is shoe?

 footwear shaped to fit the foot below the ankle with a flexible upper of leather or plastic and a sole and heel of heavier material 

what is ankle?

 a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proximal end of the talus 

what is tibia?

 the inner and thicker of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle 

what is knee?

 cloth covering consisting of the part of a trouser leg that covers the knee

what is trouser?

 garment designed for or relating to trousers; "in his trouser's pocket"; "he ripped his left trouser on the fence"

what is fence?

 a dealer in stolen property v 

what is dealer?

 a firm engaged in trading 

what is firm?

 not soft or yielding to pressure; "a firm mattress"; "the snow was firm underfoot"; "solid ground" 

what is snow?

 a layer of snowflakes white crystals of frozen water covering the ground 

what is layer?

 an abstract place usually conceived as having depth; "a good actor communicates on several levels"; "a simile has at least two layers of meaning"; "the mind functions on many strata simultaneously" 

what is simile?

 a figure of speech that expresses a resemblance between things of different kinds usually formed with `like' or `as'

what is figure?

 a diagram or picture illustrating textual material; "the area covered can be seen from Figure " 

what is diagram?

 a drawing intended to explain how something works; a drawing showing the relation between the parts v 

what is drawing?

 a representation of forms or objects on a surface by means of lines; "drawings of abstract forms"; "he did complicated penandink drawings like medieval miniatures" 

what is representation?

 a factual statement made by one party in order to induce another party to enter into a contract; "the sales contract contains several representations by the vendor" 

what is factual?

 of the nature of fact; having actual existence; "rocks and trees...the actual world"; "actual heroism"; "the actual things that produced the emotion you experienced" 

what is actual?

 being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; "her actual motive"; "a literal solitude like a desert" G.K.Chesterton; "a genuine dilemma" 

what is genuine?

 being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; "her actual motive"; "a literal solitude like a desert" G.K.Chesterton; "a genuine dilemma" 

what is essential?

 absolutely necessary; vitally necessary; "essential tools and materials"; "funds essential to the completion of the project"; "an indispensable worker" 

what is completion?

 American football a successful forward pass in football 

what is successful?

 having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome; "a successful architect"; "a successful business venture" 

what is favorable?

 very favorable or advantageous; "a golden opportunity" 

what is golden?

 marked by peace and prosperity; "a golden era"; "the halcyon days of the clipper trade" 

what is halcyon?

 a mythical bird said to breed at the time of the winter solstice in a nest floating on the sea and to have the power of calming the winds and waves

what is mythical?

 based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity; "mythical centaurs"; "the fabulous unicorn" 

what is fabulous?

 barely credible; "the fabulous endurance of a marathon runner"

what is marathon?

 a battle in BC in which the Athenians and their allies defeated the Persians 

what is battle?

 a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war; "Grant won a decisive victory in the battle of Chickamauga"; "he lost his romantic ideas about war when he got into a real engagement" 

what is decisive?

 forming or having the nature of a turning point or crisis; "a critical point in the campaign"; "the critical test" 

what is turning?

 act of changing in practice or custom; "the law took many turnings over the years" 

what is years?

 a late time of life; "old age is not for sissies"; "he's showing his years"; "age hasn't slowed him down at all"; "a beard white with eld"; "on the brink of geezerhood" 

